START
CHOICE1:[Chapter 1]:SCENE_ONE CHOICE2:[Chapter 2]:SCENE_TWO CHOICE3:[Chapter 3]:SCENE_THREE CHOICE4:[Chapter 4]:SCENE_FOUR CHOICE5:[Chapter 5]:SCENE_FIVE CHOICE6:[Chapter 6]:SCENE_SIX CHOICE7:[Chapter 7]:SCENE_SEVEN CHOICE8:[Chapter 8]:SCENE_EIGHT CHOICE9:[Chapter 9]:SCENE_NINE CHOICE10:[Chapter 10]:SCENE_TEN CHOICE11:[Chapter 11]:SCENE_ELEVEN CHOICE12:[Chapter 12]:SCENE_TWELVE CHOICE13:[Chapter 13]:SCENE_THIRTEEN CHOICE14:[Chapter 14]:SCENE_FOURTEEN CHOICE15:[Chapter 15]:SCENE_FIFTEEN CHOICE16:[Chapter 16]:SCENE_SIXTEEN CHOICE17:[Chapter 17]:SCENE_SEVENTEEN CHOICE18:[Chapter 18]:SCENE_EIGHTEEN CHOICE19:[Chapter 19]:SCENE_NINETEEN CHOICE20:[Chapter 20]:SCENE_TWENTY - Select Chapter
CLEARSCREEN BG:BG_BLACK - Zppt.
BG:BG_BRUTALISTLONG IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 MUS_DTEST - There was the sound of the dress getting zipped up from the back as Anabelle dressed me up when I felt something strange.
It was my fingers, slowly curling. 
That was a motion that shouldn’t have been possible, it had never been possible throughout the past several years and yet... it was happening now. 
With a head swirling full of thoughts, I stayed still, Anabelle, my owner, was coming around again to appraise me.
IMAGE:FG_TANNA:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:front:500 A! - There! You’re so pretty now, this dress was worth this month’s allowance after all.
Straight black hair, red contacts that she rarely removed, lips coated in black lipstick that spread to reveal a set of white teeth, the girl smiled.
Done with the dress, she returned to her package, pulling out socks, a tiara and an assortment of other accessories. 
I recognised them immediately, they were the new outfit from the latest season of the magical girl anime that we were watching, the new clothes that Luciella wore were now my clothes.
Anabelle positioned my body on the chair, making me sit down before lifting my foot to put on the thigh highs. 
Motions that used to be familiar now felt so novel that it was strange, I could feel my feet now, alongside her soft hands that gently pulled the sock up from where it was scrunched at my ankles. 
A warmth was radiating off her, the more I concentrated the more sensations were made known to me, so this was the stimulating world that she lived in.
So lost in my thoughts that I was, the process of dressing me up felt quicker than usual and she nested the tiara, the final piece even in the magical girl sequence, in my hair, the spikes poking at my scalp a little uncomfortably.
A! - You’re so perfect now, Luciella.
Holding my chin, she kissed my silicone lips, I never knew that a human’s mouth could be so soft, when her lips left mine I found myself a small ache in my chest.
GOTO:SCENE_ONE
###
SCENE_ONE
BG:BG_BEDROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 -  
As far as I knew, Anabelle didn’t go to school.
But she would leave the house sometimes, coming back with fan-made magazines or manga of that same show, “Please Give Me A Miracle!”, usually abbreviated to “KiseChou” to add it to her massive collection.
Anyone who stepped into the house would instantly know how much of a fan she was, there was merchandise everywhere, figures on the shelves, plushies on the sofa, the small apartment was filled with it, no, more specifically, the whole apartment was filled with me, with Luciella.
She was one of the side characters, well-known for her soft pastel colours and surprisingly tsundere personality.
During the many rewatches of the show, I learned the gap between her girly moe look and sharp tongue was what made Anabelle fall in love.
That night too, she was talking to me before falling asleep, laying me down in her bed then lying down herself, pulling the covers over us.
A! - Thank you, Luciella.
Red eyes looked into my unblinking purple ones.
A! - You don’t know how many times you saved me.
I couldn’t do anything but look back at her, how badly I wanted to touch her, there was an itch now that I knew that it was possible.
A! - When reality felt like it was crushing me, when everything, the sight of my hair, my body and my uniform were all hurting me, I thought about how I could go back home and see you, to see that cute pouting face on the TV and suddenly things felt a little easier.
She moved a little, closing the gap between my body and hers.
As she wrapped her arms around my waist, chest pressing against mine and her legs placed between my own, it felt like my body too was starting to heat up, it felt like I was on fire.
A! - But now you’re here, at home with me every single day, I couldn’t be happier.
GOTO:SCENE_TWO
###
SCENE_TWO
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 - 
I wonder when it was that I started to distance myself away from Luciella.
It felt like the “Luciella” that was me and the “Luciella” that was fighting monsters on the screen were two separate people, I was Luciella but I also was not, there was such a feeling growing in my head, long before I felt my fingers move.
And yet Anabelle treated us the same.
She didn’t know any better so it was okay but…
Ever since I started to feel my body it seemed that my heart started learning how to feel too, I wanted to tell Anabelle about this, no, not just about this, I had so many things that I wanted to tell her.
But there was something creeping up inside of me, I think this is what they called fear.
I was scared of her reaction to something so shocking.
Maybe she would be surprised, or confused about how this could be.
Maybe she would be happy that her favourite character had become real.
When I started thinking about the different scenarios it was hard to stop, there was fuzzy feeling pooling in my stomach, this must be excitement.
Either way, it was difficult to find a time to speak, let alone show her that I could move on my own.
I was stopped by something every time I wanted to, from all of the knowledge I gained through watching shows with her, I realised after a while that the jittery feeling was nervousness.
Nervousness… it was as though I was unable to part my lips, my body acted as solid and stationary as silicone should be whenever I mustered up the courage to do anything.
How was I going to prove that I was someone, that I wasn’t just a doll, when it was this hard to get myself together now that I had a shot?
Developing these sensations and such clear feelings was complicated.
Shhk.
The door closed and I woke up from my nap.
A! - Luciella, I’m back.
Despite not being able to close my eyes, I could still sleep somewhat.
It was a feeling like withdrawing into my body and then coming back out after a duration or when I heard Anabelle’s voice again, I had discovered it after spending too many bored nights waiting for it to be daytime again.
She came over now, the sofa dipping as she sat next to where I was positioned, raising her hand to stroke my hair.
A! - Was it alright for you at home?
I finally managed to nod just the slightest bit but Anabelle had already turned away, reaching into the paper bag that was next to her.
Taking out a stack of books, she showed them to me.
A! - Ta-da! I went to the bookstore and found some doujinshi of you! Lucky~
They were all erotic fan-made books, no doubt of Luciella getting attacked by one monster or another.
But from the times that I managed to see what Anabelle was reading I knew that not a single one would have Luciella with another character.
For Anabelle, shipping Luciella with a character from the main cast was impossible.
She shifted closer to me, slender arms hugging me close to her, rubbing her cheek against mine.
A! - I’m only grateful to these doujin circles for drawing you so beautifully, none of these otaku come close to loving you as much as I do.
GOTO:SCENE_THREE - At that moment, I dared to press my face against hers just enough for her to think that it was her imagination.
###
SCENE_THREE
BG:BG_BEDROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 -  
For several days, there was a feeling stuck in me that was both warm and shaky.
I had woke up early and spent hours pondering before eventually labelling it as “yearning”.
Looking over at Anabelle, I stared at the way her chest was rising and falling as she slept, and made up my mind.
I had to do something today.
Moving my attention to the rest of the bedroom, I stared at the light fluttering of the curtains, occasionally bringing sunlight into the darkened room.
Several minutes passed before Anabelle stirred, rubbing her eyes as she turned to her side, facing me with a smile.
A! - Good morning, Luciella.
It was now or never.
I took a breath in.
L! - Good morning, Anabelle.
Even I was surprised, I wasn't sure if it would actually work.
How was it that I could speak, even my voice sounded like Luciella.
She stared at me for a moment, blinked several times, rubbed her eyes, and then continued staring.
A! - Did you just…
L! - Yes.
I turned my head a little, heat rising to my face.
L! - If you look at me like that—
A! - Is it really… you?
When I faced Anabelle again, she was smiling in disbelief.
A! - Luciella, you’re real?
I flushed.
L! - I… I don’t know why I can speak either…
A! - I don’t care about that! You’re real! You’re… talking to me! And saying my name!
She was so overjoyed it was a little cute, I couldn’t help but smile too.
L! - Hehe… I am…
If it made her happy, I could get used to this voice.
Anabelle practically threw her arms around me, squeezing me hard.
A! - Oh my gosh, I can’t believe this is happening, I can’t believe you are actually real, this is like a dream.
She laughed, an amazingly joyous sound.
But I bit my lip awkwardly, realising something.
L! - Anabelle… do you still want me to…? It’s poking against me…
A! - Ah… right…
She was flustered for a moment, cheeks turning red.
This was new, I had never seen her embarrassed like this before, it was cute too.
L! - I… I can do it on my own now if you want me to.
There was a pause.
A! - Okay.
Anabelle shifted, moving to the side of the bed while I sat down on the floor, kneeling in front of her while she squirmed, avoiding eye contact.
A! - It's embarrassing suddenly…
I grabbed the lube from the bedside table and pulled down her shorts.
L! - Even though it's been happening since the beginning?
A! - It’s different… now that you're real…
Staring at her length, I brought my face closer to sniff it.
SIZE:30 A! - Don't smell it…
But I couldn't help it, to the me that couldn't smell until now it was just so interesting.
I held her dick with one hand and rubbed lube on it with the other, positioning my mouth near the tip and swallowing it to the base.
Gllp.
A! - Mhhf—
A sound exited her, torn out of her lips as I started moving, rolling the tip around my tongue as I sucked her off.
A! - Luciella, you're too—
A strained moan left through gritted teeth as she gripped my hair and forced her dick down my throat, slamming it and and out of my mouth as she moved her hips.
My throat was warm, it was all very strange.
A! - Fuck, it feels different now, it's like you're real, I'm sorry, I'm sorry that I'm using you like this but it feels so good.
Anabelle apologised over and over as she abused my mouth, I would have told her that it was okay if I could.
Eventually she let go of me, panting, and I released her dick from my mouth, kissing the tip.
L! - Is it good?
A! - It's the best.
Smiling to myself, I continued for a while more until her breaths were coming out ragged and her legs were shaking.
A! - Luciella, I'm—”
Shoving my face away, Anabelle tried reaching over to the bedside table for the tissues but it was too late, her cum splurted out onto my face, some of it dripping down into my mouth.
A! - Ah…! I’m so sorry! Um…”
She fumbled around and grabbed a whole bunch of tissues.
A! - I'll help you wipe your face…
I licked the area around my mouth.
L! - It's salty.
A! - Please don't say that.
I laughed a little.
L! - You're cute like this…
She looked up at me, startled, and I stilled, did I say something wrong?
I backtracked, and did my best Luciella impression.
L! - But…!
I wiped my face clean and got up, turning away from her.
L! - It's not like I like you or anything!
There was a slight pause, my mind was spinning.
Then Anabelle laughed wholeheartedly, standing up and patting my head.
A! - Thank you, Luciella.
Somehow, those words twisted my insides.
GOTO:SCENE_FOUR
###
SCENE_FOUR
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 - U+0020
After Anabelle brushed her teeth and washed up, we went to the living room.
There was a feeling like magic, her mood was fluffy and light, full of interest in me now that I was “real” to her.
A! - Do you have any memories? Or did you just gain consciousness suddenly? When did you start moving?
She was almost bouncing in her seat, looking at me with big, sparkling eyes.
A! - I'm sorry if there are too many questions, this is just so exciting!
She giggled and I smiled a little, flushed and embarrassed to have so much attention on me.
L! - I mean… I have always been conscious in a way?
I remember everything from when you bought me until now, maybe it was when you started talking to me that I “woke up”.
But it was only recently that I realised that I could move, I couldn't feel until then.
I paused, and thought for a while before continuing.
L! - I could “feel” but it was in a way that was detached, like it wasn't really my body.
It was like… there was no warmth, there were no sensations, heat, cold, warmth, emotions, I could feel all of them for the first time since then and wow…
I laughed a little.
L! - It's so much and so new but so amazing at the same time, it's so much… better… than just being a doll.
A! - It sounds different, truly…
Her initial enthusiasm waned slightly, her voice dropping.
A! - I can understand feeling detached from your body, I am constantly…
Then, as though she was catching herself, she stopped, brightening up.
A! - I mean! It's better now, so don't worry about it! What was I going on about anyway haha…
Either way, it didn't matter how much she was trying to avoid it or cover it up, I already knew, that's the reason I was bought anyway.
Anabelle… there were things about her body that brought her pain.
It wasn't something that she brought up much, or wanted to talk about at all.
I didn't understand it at first, were those thoughts and feelings she had not just a fact?
To me, it was just something that was a part of her self.
But to Anabelle, it was something much more difficult.
Even if she didn't talk about it much, I knew that for sure.
L! - Mm… what else do you want to know?
Maybe if I diverted the topic back to what it originally was, she would feel better?
Anabelle seemed to have relaxed a little bit at my question and I sighed a little internally.
I was getting the hang of this strange thing called communicating.
A! - Yes! There's so much more than I want to know, but somehow…
She squinted at me, considering something deeply.
A! - There's something that has been bugging me since just now, I'm not sure if it makes sense for me to say it though.
The way she was phrasing her words made me uneasy.
A! - Basically what I wanted to say is, you're not really being like Luciella, are you?
Somehow, that statement was like a stake driving through my heart.
A! - Because you're basically Luciella, right? But your personality… it doesn't match, even though you look exactly like her.
She continued staring with an increasingly confused expression.
A! - Something is just a little off, you're too…? I’m not actually sure how to explain this.
As Anabelle tilted her head, lost in thought, there was a jittering feeling, like something struggling to leave, knocking against the sides of myself.
A! - The way you say things—
L! - Anyway…!
If I didn't intercept, it felt like something bad would happen.
I pulled my lips into a smile, slightly awkward maybe but it would have to do.
L! - Um… I remember now, I wanted to say that I can wear clothes on my own now! And do my hair and everything…!
Anabelle's expression cleared, shifting back to excitement.
A! - Yes, the clothes! I can talk to you about all of them now then! I have never been able to talk about your designs to anyone until now, where do I even start…
Holding my hand, she pulled me towards her bedroom.
GOTO:SCENE_FIVE
###
SCENE_FIVE
BG:BG_BEDROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 - U+0020
Anabelle stepped into the room, opening her closet.
It was filled completely with frilly clothes, split in half by a massive style difference.
On the right side were Anabelle's gothic lolita clothes, black and white dresses and jumper skirts hung up one after another.
In boxes at the bottom of the closet were neatly stored petticoats and accessories like socks and headdresses.
And on the left was a sudden burst of colour, pastel dresses filled with lace and ruffles, those were what she had bought for me.
Cosplay dresses for Luciella were now used to dress me up, Anabelle had a whole array, I don't think there wasn't a dress that she didn't have.
Luciella's main magical girl clothes, redesigns over the years, art from collaboration events.
If there wasn't an existing dress being sold for cosplay, Anabelle would save up and have one custom made
Her collection reached a point where she had to shift some of her clothes out of the closet to make space for mine.
Shhf.
Anabelle pushed her clothes to the side, making a little more space for Luciella's dresses.
A! - There! Which one do you like best! You can wear that one today.
Her eager expression and shining eyes compelled me to turn and face the overwhelming amount of clothes.
It was hard to decide, I was so used to Anabelle choosing for me that I didn't have much preference.
L! - This one? But, I like the one I'm wearing right now too… you can decide!
A! - Aw… but I really wanted to know what you liked!
L! - Hm…
I turned my attention to the clothes again, taking a closer look at the clothes.
It wasn't that I didn't like them, it's just that I was always wearing the same things, or around the same colours and designs… they all kind of blended together.
That was when I spotted it, a bag of clothes squashed into a corner.
I had never seen it before, so stuffed inside that it would be hard to see from where I was usually positioned.
My curiosity piqued, I moved my hand towards it.
L! - What's thi—
Bang.
Anabelle pushed the door shut.
I think, maybe we can keep that dress on for today!
There was a strained smile on her face.
A! - Come on, let's go outside, I need my laptop to preorder the new keychains! They're so cute, I have to show you.
Tugging on my wrist, she pulled me out of the bedroom but I continued staring at the closet.
What was that bag?
I wanted to know so badly.
GOTO:SCENE_SIX
###
SCENE_SIX
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 - U+0020
I sat on the sofa, swinging my legs and watching the channel show advertisements of other anime showing this season.
Anabelle was in the kitchen making food, most likely something instant, and I thought about going over to watch her cook.
It wasn't often that I actually saw her cooking, at most she placed me on the kitchen floor while she made whatever it was.
So I was a little curious now, and got up from the sofa, walking over.
L! - What are you making?
A! - Uwa!
She spun around from where she was standing at the stove, waiting for a pot of water to boil.
A! - You surprised me! I almost had a heart attack.
L! - I wanted to see what you were doing.
A! - Oh!
She shifted a little, showing me the packet of instant noodles.
A! - Spicy ramen!
L! - Every other meal you're eating spicy ramen.
Anabelle usually placed me across the table from her while she ate, talking to me about one thing or another.
And she always ate either instant noodles or some convenience store bought food.
It didn't seem very healthy.
Anabelle laughed.
A! - You won't know how good it tastes.
She paused. Then peered at me.
A! - Wait… Can you?
L! - Probably not, I don't really want to eat anyway so I think I can do without food.
As I looked at the seasoning getting dumped inside the boiling pot, the red soup didn't look that appetising either.
Anabelle stirred the noodles around, waiting for them to cook and I stood awkwardly next to her, unsure of what to do.
A! - You don't have to just stand there, you know.
She laughed, turning around and looking at me.
A! - You can go out and do whatever you want, I'll tell you once I'm done.
That's true, my body was mine now.
I could do whatever I wanted.
I nodded and left the kitchen.
GOTO:SCENE_SEVEN
###
SCENE_SEVEN
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 - U+0020
The bedroom.
I stepped inside warily, as though I wasn't supposed to be here, as though I was doing something wrong, and cleared the doorway carefully.
Walking towards the closet, I opened it.
Crrk.
The hinges squeaked, I had opened the doors too slowly and I looked out, seeing if Anabelle was coming.
But it seemed that I was safe for now, so I continued.
I stared at the clothes hanging in front of me, then used my hand to push Anabelle's clothes to the side until I found it, a ziplock bag wretched in the corner at the back of the closet, as though shoved there to be forgotten.
Grabbing it with my free hand, I pulled the bag out and put it on my lap.
It was merely a bag of old clothes, somehow, I was a little disappointed.
But as I took them out of the bag, my interest was sparked again.
What were these clothes? They were not… Anabelle at all.
A hoodie, cargo pants?
These were so strange… I had only ever known frilly tops and poofy skirts, I have never seen these before.
Digging through the closet, I found another bag of shirts and took them out.
There were words written on them, it took me a while but I finally realised what they were.
L! - Band… t-shirts? Anabelle had such things in the house?
Holding one up against my body, I walked over to the full-length mirror, it fit perfectly.
So out of place it was against my magical girl dress that I wanted to laugh and yet so different from what I was used to… I almost liked it.
Putting it down, I rummaged through the closet again and managed, somehow, to find more.
Studded belts, things that seemed to be cut up pieces of cloth? There was even a small bag of chains.
I took the items out excitedly and held them with my hands, turning them this way and that.
L! - Anabelle liked these kinds of things? This is so cool… why would she hide it away?
I had a thousand and one questions and I felt bad for snooping through her things but I couldn't help it, I had to know more, I wanted to learn more about her.
If she was angry, I could just apologise, right?
I mean, she was probably just embarrassed to like niche music but she was already into lolita, she was well into the subculture zone already.
Clunk.
I whipped my head around at the sound.
There was a dropped game console.
And when I looked up, I saw Anabelle staring down at me.
A! - Wha… You're… Eh…?
So filled with these thoughts and so full of excitement, I didn't notice that Anabelle had come into the room.
L! - Ah! I'm sorry for taking your things without permission but—
A! - What do you think you're doing?
Her voice was cold and her things were strewn on the floor all around me.
I was caught red-handed.
L! - Um! It's just!
I scrambled, trying to find something to say, her expression was scaring me.
She had never been angry at me before.
L! - I saw the bag just now and I was curious… but it didn't seem like you would let me look at it if I asked…
It felt like I was digging a deeper and deeper hole for myself.
A! - So what made you think that searching through my stuff behind my back was a better option?
A! - No, what made you think that was even an option?
I just looked at her, I didn't know what to say.
L! - I… was curious. I didn't know that there were still things about you that I didn't know about…
L! - I wanted to learn more about you.
Anabelle took a deep breath in, then sighed.
A! - Lets just keep everything for now.
Getting down on the floor next to me, Anabelle grabbed the shirts and dumped them unceremoniously into one of the bags.
I watched the harsh way she stuffed everything in, and looked away.
Picking up the chains, I dropped them into a bag too.
With the two of us, we made quick work of the pile.
Then, Anabelle threw them back into the closet, back into the corner behind all of her clothes.
A! - There.
She sighed.
A! - I didn't think you would even notice it.
Even though she laughed, there was something fake about it.
L! - Can I ask, what is about thos—
A! - I think we should actually talk about what I was trying to say in the morning.
She cut me off firmly, looking straight into me.
Anabelle's gaze was piercing and I looked away.
L! - Which part? You said so many things.
If I played dumb…
No, this was just a last ditch attempt.
A! - About your personality. You need to be more like Luciella or this wouldn't work.
Or it wouldn't work?
What… wouldn't work?
The unease from before was coming back, creeping up within me.
L! - What does that… mean?
A! - It means that you… are Luciella, right? You're not like some… I don't know, random thing that woke up in my doll, right?
She laughed again.
A! - Of course not, that would be absurd.
I laughed with her, nervously.
L! - That would be quite strange, yes.
If so, would it be so difficult to accept?
I bit my lip.
A! - Yes, so! What I meant is this, Luciella would never take this much interest in such…!
She pointed at the bags in the closet.
A! - Such ugly clothes.
But they weren't ugly, they were so cool, so different.
The details, the hard edges were so interesting, I wanted to hold the studded belt up to the sun and see the metal shine.
But it was shoved somewhere deep inside the closet now, unable to see the light of day.
Disappointment swirled in my gut.
Anabelle stuck her hand into the closet, pushing her clothes to one side and giving my clothes more space to poof out.
A! - Aren't these so much better? They're yours, all yours!
A! - Just look at the colours, the patterns.
But I stared wistfully at those bags, vanishing into the closet’s depths.
It was just clothes, did it matter that much?
I didn't really understand.
A! - The light colours, the frills, like look, isn't this yellow pretty?
A! - Or what about this pink one, it matches your hair!
A! - And there's this blue one too, from the cafe collaboration, aren't these so much nicer?
Anabelle pulled the dresses out one after another, showing them off to me but all I could was look unfeelingly.
They were cute, sure but…
I thought longingly about the clothes I had laid out all over the floor, those rock-looking clothes.
I preferred those ones so much more.
L! - They're nice but I don't know, isn't it the same if I wear this or if I wear something else?
Testing the waters immediately proved to be a mistake, Anabelle looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language.
There was a long pause followed by her laughter.
Once again, the same laughter laced with disbelief.
It made my skin crawl.
A! - Don't be silly, it's totally different. You're a magical girl, Luciella!
A! - Your whole character revolves around pastel colours, a tsundere who enjoys girly and dreamy things but is too embarrassed to admit it.
A! - Why would you be interested in anything else?
A! - I saw you hold the shirts against your body briefly just now, they're not… you… at all.
As Anabelle continued, it felt like my heart was getting twisted.
A! - Like no way, black clothes? Those spikes and studs? Horrible.
A! - You're so much prettier like this!
She moved closer, running her fingers through my hair, touching the white sleeves of my dress.
A! - Long pink hair, a dress straight out of KiseChou, you're a splitting image of Luciella.
A! - So if you really are her, then you have to be the part.
The look in her eyes paired with that innocent tone of voice said it all, she was being perfectly serious.
A! - Isn't that just natural?
She was scaring me.
My hands grabbed purchase at the carpet underneath me, the fur squashed in my fists.
L! - I guess, yeah! That makes sense. I'm sorry for being strange, I was just curious, is all.
An awkward smile.
But it seemed to satisfy her for now and she breathed out a sigh of relief.
A! - And here I was, worried that you would be getting silly ideas after being able to feel and stuff.
A! - But…!
I'm happy that's not the case.
Anabelle stretched, then turned to me again, as though she remembered something.
Something was different about her expression, I didn't know how to make sense of it.
A! - You know… that I love you, right?
The question took me by surprise, I didn't know how I was supposed to react.
This whole conversation, everything that has been happening felt out of my league.
A! - Because I never want you to forget that.
A! - I was saying all of these things, about clothes and everything, because… I love you! You know?
She brought me into her arms, patting my head from where it rested over her shoulder.
A! - I just want us to understand each other better, this is how I've always seen you, this is how I fell in love.
A! - That's why I want, no, I need this to stay, to continue.
A! - It's been working like this all this while, I just want to make sure that we're on the same page, you know?
I couldn't understand what she was saying, did she just want me to act?
I… didn't want to do that.
But she has been taking care of me all this time, talking to me, dressing me up.
Anabelle has been so good to me, of course I loved her too.
I want to be of use to her, to satisfy her, whether it was physically or emotionally.
I was supposed to deal with her sexual needs and give her companionship after all, I would love to do that for her.
And… I wanted her love too.
I wanted that soft warmth to stay inside of me.
Now that I could feel it physically, I didn't want to let go of it.
I lifted my arms, and hugged Anabelle back.
L! - I love you too.
GOTO:SCENE_EIGHT
###
SCENE_EIGHT
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 - U+0020
Over the next few days, it felt like Anabelle was trying to give me a crash course on Luciella's character.
It started when she took out her DVDs of the first season one day, placing them on the coffee table.
A! - I found my old DVDs! We can watch them together!
I was sitting on the floor, reading while leaning against the bottom of the sofa.
L! - Okay.
While Anabelle was slotting the DVD in, I got up, sitting on the sofa and placing the book on my lap.
Apart from clothes and merchandise, Anabelle had a surprisingly large array of books and she often let me sit next to her when she read.
Story books, novels, fiction and non-fiction.
It was because of all of these times that I picked up most of what I knew about human emotions as well as the outside world.
Anabelle came over now, sitting next to me on the sofa as the episode started playing.
A! - It works! I was worried that it wouldn't, we really haven't used the DVD player in a while.
L! - It has been a while. Usually you just rewatch through the downloaded files on the computer.
Anabelle smiled happily.
A! - You really do remember…
We must have spent the whole afternoon watching KiseChou, Anabelle excitedly pointing out to me which scenes she liked most.
It was more or less the usual commentary but she would ask me questions now.
Things like whether I liked the animation, what I thought of the art style.
I answered truthfully, I really did enjoy the show, and when I saw her overjoyed face, I felt something warm settle in my chest.
A! - I'm so happy right now, Luciella is talking to me about KiseChou and she likes it just as much as me…
She faced me, taking my hands in hers and smiling warmly.
A! - Thank you so much.
There was a fluttering feeling in my stomach, I wanted to continue seeing that smile.
After a few more days into our KiseChou marathon, an idea struck Anabelle.
A! - Luciella is an artist, right? She's creative, she draws, does crafts, makes items from scratch…
A! - How about I give you her sketchbook? It's limited-edition but that's okay!
A! - You can move now, what if you use it to draw?
A! - You'll really become her like this.
Anabelle looked at the book I had beside me, it must have been the third or fourth that I read by now.
A! - Luciella would prefer drawing much more than reading anyway.
L! - I—
A! - Just hold on a moment, I'll bring the sketchbook over for you to take a look!
I was cut off again as Anabelle stood up, vanishing into the bedroom before coming out again, a book in her hands.
A! - Here! So? What do you think?
She sat down on the sofa again, holding the sketchbook out towards me.
It was very girly, pink with puffy stickers of clouds and ribbons.
It looked like it came straight out of the anime.
CHOICE1:[Take the sketchbook]:SCENE_EIGHT_A CHOICE2:[Reject the sketchbook]:SCENE_EIGHT_B - When I looked at Anabelle again, she was waiting expectantly for an answer.
###
SCENE_EIGHT_A
Anabelle threw her arms around me, giggling before drawing away.
Then, she held my cheek and pressed a kiss onto my lips.
GOTO:SCENE_EIGHT_C A! - Luciella… you're making all of my dreams come true.
###
SCENE_EIGHT_B
I hesitated, glancing back at the book next to me.
What was I going to give up if I accepted this now?
But I so desperately wanted to keep that smile on Anabelle's face…
CHOICE1:[Take the sketchbook]:### SCENE_EIGHT_A - I looked back at her.
###
SCENE_EIGHT_C
Even as I looked at the joy on her face, even as I felt the warmth spread through my body, it felt like I had made the wrong decision.
L! - I don't know anything about drawing… How can I start?
But since it was like this, I had to continue.
Anabelle lit up at my question.
A! - The computer! Come, I'll show you how to use it, you can search for tutorials and stuff.
Leaving the sofa, we went towards the computer room.
GOTO:SCENE_NINE
###
SCENE_NINE
BG:BG_COMPROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 - U+0020
Anabelle calls it the computer room but it really was just a room to store whatever miscellaneous things were lying around in the house.
It was only referred to as the computer room because that's all Anabelle went in there for.
She walked over to the desk now and I stood over her, watching her turn the computer on.
It powered on soon enough, showing the main screen.
Naturally, Luciella was set as the wallpaper.
A! - Okay so, once you're here, you can use the mouse to click on the web browser.
Moving the mouse, I watched the cursor go to the bottom of the screen, clicking on Waterfox.
But as soon as she did, the window opened with the tabs she had the previous time she used the computer.
A! - Ah—
There was a doujinshi website as well as a few imageboards with erotic art of Luciella.
When I turned back to look at Anabelle, she was covering her face with her hands.
A! - This is not what it looks like.
I felt a grin tug at the corner of my lips.
L! - This is exactly what it looks like.
I spun her around in her chair.
L! - You've been pent up, haven't you?
I bent down, almost kneeling on the floor.
Moving closer to her, I tugged at the waistband of her shorts.
L! - I can help you—
But Anabelle moved back, the chair wheels rolling away until they hit the wall.
A! - No, um… I can fix it on my own.
I blinked, confused.
But I have been doing it the whole time, did she not want it anymore?
Did she not need me anymore?
Anabelle wasn't meeting my eyes, I didn't understand.
What was I doing wrong?
Anxiety bloated like waves from my gut, slowly rising.
L! - But… You can't fix it on your own, that's the reason you even bought me.
I fumbled around for words.
Anabelle chewed on her bottom lip.
A! - But you're real now, you're finally going to become Luciella, no, you are Luciella, I can't…
She finally met my eyes.
A! - Luciella, I don't know how I'm going to treat you like a sex doll anymore.
A! - I… that day… it felt so wrong to use you like that.
A! - You can move on your own now, you can feel…
A! - You're not just something I can fuck anytime I want.
A! - I can't do that.
I didn't know what to do, I just stared at her, stunned.
But… that was my purpose.
It's precisely because I can feel that I want her to do it, I'll be happy if I could be of use to her.
And yet she was saying that she didn't want to do that anymore.
Because…? Because I'm Luciella?
But I didn't even want to be Luciella in the first place, I…
I just wanted to be a person, like Anabelle.
And be with her, love her, live like her…
What did it mean to be someone?
Everything was still so new…
And here I was, being forced to do one thing or the other…
I didn't want Anabelle to abandon me.
I didn't want to abandon myself.
L! - No…
I shook my head.
L! - No! You… I know that you can't fix this on your own, if you can then prove it!
I approached her again, caging her in.
A! - Luciella, stop—
But it was too late, I had pulled her shorts down, they fell miserably around her ankles.
L! - Jerk it off by yourself. Then I'll drop this.
Anabelle looked down at herself and stilled before slowly, slowly, reaching a hand down.
But her arm was trembling and she stopped just short.
Looking up at me fiercely, Anabelle stood up from the chair suddenly.
A! - Just because you started being able to speak, did you think that gave you the right to give me orders?
It was like a switch was flipped.
Fear ran down my spine and I lost my nerve.
A! - Then what was it? What do you get from tormenting me?
She yanked her shorts up now and when she took a step towards me, I couldn't help but take a step back.
My back was against the wall before I knew it.
A! - You are not Luciella.
A! - I don't know who you are and I don't care anymore, you must be Luciella from now on.
The words were spat out hard and fast like they disgusted her.
When Anabelle tilted my chin up to face her, it was like a shadow fell over her face.
It thoroughly terrified me.
A! - I'm not going to accept anything else.
My knees felt weak.
GOTO:SCENE_TEN L! - Okay. I… understand.
###
SCENE_TEN
BG:BG_COMPROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 - U+0020
Ever since that day, I spent my time feverishly trying to learn how to draw.
I don't know how many times I watched tutorials, or rewatched KiseChou to emulate Luciella's art style.
The first few days were particularly difficult, I had never held a pencil before, I was as good as a toddler.
But at least I was good at absorbing information, Anabelle's watch history soon filled up with videos on shapes in the 2D, then 3D space.
Once I figured that out I moved on to actual tutorials on anatomy.
The pages slowly filled up, wobbly lines grew more confident, the same shape drawn over and over again before it got turned over to a different angle and drawn again.
I repeated the motions without stopping for hours, it wasn't as if I had anything else I needed to do.
I didn't need to eat, I didn't even need to sleep, I started using drawing as my only way to pass time.
It felt like if I touched books again, Anabelle would kill me.
Not just books, it felt like if I wasn't perfectly Luciella, she would snap again.
But if there was one saving grace, it was that Anabelle seemed to be satisfied enough to not expect me to emulate Luciella's way of speaking.
As long as I gave her answers that made her happy, I didn't need to be a tsundere or anything else.
Maybe she realised that it would be unrealistic in the real world.
But in any case, speaking in a tone I liked was the one thing I could keep.
When I thought about it like that, it was all so limiting.
Sometimes when Anabelle was sleeping, I would take off my clothes and look at myself.
Turning myself this way and that, staring at the body that I had only recently started feeling.
Staring at Luciella's body and feeling so…
GOTO:SCENE_ELEVEN - Disconnected.
###
SCENE_ELEVEN
BG:BG_BEDROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 - U+0020
Anabelle dozed off on the sofa so I took the opportunity to sneak into the bedroom.
Taking off my clothes, I looked at myself in the mirror.
L! - This body…
Smooth silicone skin, a uniform beige colour save for the pink of my areolas and from what I could see, my clitoris.
If I touched them now, would I feel something?
Was this Luciella's body, or was it mine?
Ever since Anabelle disregarded me, it had only ever been Luciella.
The person in the mirror was Luciella.
Then where was I?
I…
Luciella would never do anything dirty, Anabelle said so herself.
That's why she refused me.
That's why I had to…
I went into the bedroom for a brief moment before coming out again with Anabelle's bottle of lube.
Setting it down on the floor, I sat down too, and spread my legs.
I had never seen how I looked like below until now but it was just as pink, with a hole.
So that was where Anabelle put herself in when she used me, I didn't know that it would look like that.
Pumping out some of the lube into my hand, I tentatively brought it down and touched myself.
At first, I didn't feel anything but as I continued…
The wetness of the lube against my silicone body made it start tingling.
I didn't know that I could feel something like this.
Pleasure was going into my head, it felt like I was choking on it.
My abdomen was tightened.
L! - Nnhg…!
I bit my bottom lip as the pleasure reached its peak, I drowned.
L! - Pah… hah…
I sighed, panted, tilting my head back as I closed my eyes.
I didn't know… was this what Anabelle felt too?
But she didn't want me to help her do it anymore.
But… I want to make her feel good.
Even if she…
There was a messy feeling jumbling up my thoughts.
Anabelle has rejected me.
She only wants Luciella.
But I still want her.
There was a heat that slowly rose.
Why couldn't she just accept me?
Didn't she want company all of this time?
I can finally alleviate her loneliness in a real way.
But she didn't want that. At all.
My jaw clenched.
All Anabelle wanted was to squash me into a box.
Into the mould called “Luciella”.
Anabelle scared me.
But the more I thought about it, the angrier I got.
I…
I…!
Anabelle's expression flashed in my mind, then froze.
Those burning eyes, her thumb under my chin, my back against the wall.
My hands shook.
“I'm not going to accept anything else.”
One sentence alone instilled so much fear in me.
Why…?
I pressed my legs closed.
I should… get back to drawing.
I was making good progress anyway.
I was finally getting the anatomy down after weeks.
My heart was squeezed taut.
This wasn't what I really wanted to do…
But I stood up, put on my clothes, kept the lube, and returned to the sketchbook.
My pencil hovered over the page.
GOTO:SCENE_TWELVE - Then, I started to draw.
###
SCENE_TWELVE
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 - U+0020
A! - Ah! You're getting so good at this!
Anabelle looked over my shoulder from where I was sketching on the coffee table.
I had taken the laptop out, a video on how to draw anime eyes paused on the screen.
I gave her a smile, hoping that it wasn't too forced.
L! - I've been practising, is all.
Anabelle sat on the sofa, folding her legs.
A! - Do you like it? After spending so much time drawing over the last few weeks.
L! - Mm! It's been really fun.
Anabelle smiled happily, throwing her arms around my neck.
A! - Hehe… I'm glad… So you can do it if you want to.
A! - I knew it, you were Luciella all along.
A! - You were just trying to trick me, right?
When I turned around, she was looking at me with those shining eyes.
But there was a hard edge now, something dark circling her irises.
L! - Yeah.
My facial muscles were straining.
L! - I was just…
The words were stuck.
But I had to force them out.
L! - I was just playing around.
A! - Hah! I knew it! You're just too good, I was worried.
I laughed with her, there was nothing else I could do.
GOTO:SCENE_THIRTEEN - When I looked back at the half drawn eye, I felt sick.
###
SCENE_THIRTEEN
BG:BG_BLACK IMAGE:FG_DIAOVER:front:0:0 TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 AUTO:1:1000 - U+0020
Zppt.
BG:BG_NLIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
The dress fell to the ground, pooling around my feet.
Stepping out of it, I pulled my panties down and sat down, pumping lube into my hands.
Anabella was asleep and I sat on the sofa in the darkened living room, bringing my hand down between my legs.
Maybe because it felt good, maybe because it felt like I was dirtying Luciella’s body and making it my own but I had started masturbating almost every night.
Anabelle slept like a log, once she was asleep there was no waking her until it was the morning so I was safe.
But as my secret nightly activities continued, the more I…
I wanted to be me.
I wanted to be able to figure out who I was.
But Anabelle didn’t want that.
She was deluded almost.
But being like this made her nice to me.
If I was anything else… Anabelle would be scary again.
A shiver ran down my spine.
But when I looked at Luciella’s magical girl clothes, in a pile on the floor, and knowing that I had to put them on…
I averted my eyes and stared at my wet fingers.
GOTO:SCENE_FOURTEEN - This small act of rebellion had to satisfy me for now.
###
SCENE_FOURTEEN
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
The sky was starting to brighten and I quickly pulled my panties up, zipping up my dress and lying down, pretending to be resting.
Several weeks of this had passed and I had gotten very good at drawing, and equally good at pretending.
“Luciella, I love you.” Anabelle often said that while hugging me and I said it back with as much emotion as I could muster.
I’m sure it was convincing, I had gotten good at this after all, but the more I said it, the more I felt hollow inside.
I had loved her before but I wasn’t sure anymore.
She was no longer someone who was good to me.
She no longer took care of me.
She only took care of the version of me that she wanted, that she forced me to be.
When I touched myself, it was no longer enough.
Some days, I took off my clothes only to sit there blankly until the sun came up.
My body, my heart, grew emptier and emptier every day.
It felt like I was falling apart.
If I didn’t do something about this, it felt like I would lose my shape entirely.
That…
Was that okay?
Maybe it was.
Maybe I should just give in and accept what Anabelle wanted.
Then it wouldn’t be this hard for me.
And yet…
I couldn’t give it up.
I couldn’t give myself up.
This horrible body that was hardly mine, I had to do something about it.
Then, everything would be better.
I would feel better.
As long as Anabelle didn’t find out, it would all be okay.
After the first time I touched myself, after my first taste of rebellion, it was like I got addicted.
But as with any drug, the effects would only get weaker over time.
I needed something more.
I needed…
I lifted my hand to the ceiling, as though trying to grab on something, anything, when I remembered.
The clothes in her closet.
Those amazing, pretty, magical rock clothes.
If I could get my hands on them…
No.
There was no “if”.
GOTO:SCENE_FIFTEEN - I had to get my hands on them.
###
SCENE_FIFTEEN
BG:BG_BEDROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
I waited for the day that Anabelle left the house for an anime convention before executing my plan.
Excitement welled up within me as I waved Anabelle goodbye and I went into the bedroom immediately once I heard the door lock shut.
Standing in front of the closet doors, I pulled them open.
I was greeted by the sight of Anabelle's clothes next to Luciella's, but that wasn't what I was here for today.
Pushing all of Anabelle's clothes aside, I reached my hand in, wiggling it around until my fingers brushed against plastic.
The ziplock bags.
I yanked them out, clothes, accessories, I started to empty the bags onto the floor.
Sifting through the clothes, I realised that they were mostly oversized band tees and pants adored with zippers and hooks for chains.
I found a choker too in one of the bags, the leather so different from the lace ones that Anabelle would sometimes wear.
How new, how fresh, how different this style was…
I loved it.
Itching to try them on, I took my dress off in a hurry, and pulled the shirt over my head, the pants up my legs.
Zipping up the fly, I picked out an oversized jacket and put it on too
Finally, I clipped on the chains and turned, hesitantly, towards the mirror.
I gasped at myself.
I looked… like me.
Not like Luciella, not like what Anabelle forced me into becoming.
I looked like how I wanted, I was wearing the clothes that I was drawn to, not what was selected for me.
Elation filled my chest, my heart, sparking the networks in my brain.
This was what I wanted.
I giggled, then laughed, genuinely laughed, loud and free, for the first time.
In this empty house, I could do anything, be anyone.
I didn't need to be restrained anymore.
But just as I was getting used to that light feeling, getting lost in the clouds as I looked at myself this way and that…
I heard it.
Anabelle's key, turning the lock.
It felt like my blood froze into ice.
Why was she here?
She wasn't supposed to be home this soon.
I scrambled, throwing the clothes into their bags, shoving the smaller ones into the closet first.
Then, realising that I was still wearing those clothes, I threw them off, tossing the jacket on the floor, yanking the pants off my legs.
The chains clanged against the floor loudly but there was no time to be worried about that.
I had to get myself out of this situation, I had to keep everything.
Then, I would find some way to deal with the aftermath, find some excuse, something.
I knew that I was only clinging onto empty hope.
A! - Luciella? Did you see my phone? And also, are you in the room? I heard something.
Her footsteps pattered against the floor.
She was coming, god, no no no.
I was about to pull the shirt over my head when Anabelle showed up at the doorway.
I didn't know what to do, there was nothing I could do.
I could only stare at her as the worry on her face shifted to confusion, then a cold cold anger.
A! - Luciella… you… why are you doing this again?
L! - I-I'm…
All my words left me.
Fear gripped my body until I couldn't feel anything else.
It was so pure and concentrated, I thought that I would die.
She sighed.
A! - Why…
A! - Why do you keep doing this to me?
A! - Why?!
Her voice was raised now, unable to contain her anger.
A! - Why do you keep stealing Luciella away from me?!
A! - Who do you think you are?!
A! - No!
A! - Give her back to me!
Anabelle started screaming now, shouting words that I couldn't understand.
She was losing it.
My chest was tight, terror seized my body.
If I could cry, I would.
L! - Anabelle please… this isn't… I—
Then, Anabelle took a breath in, long and deep, as though trying to calm herself down.
And when she spoke again, her voice was gentle.
A! - No, you're right.
A! - I knew all along anyway, you're not my Luciella.
A! - You have never been.
A! - I'm sorry for forcing you, I'm sure it must have been hard.
A! - You never wanted the dresses, right?
A! - You never wanted to draw.
A! - Everything that I painstakingly collected, you never wanted any of it, right?
A! - Even my love, did you detest it too?
As she spoke, she walked towards me, crouching down on the floor.
With her face in front of mine, she sighed again.
There was a hard edge in her eyes now as she looked at me with disgust, the coldness from before returning to her voice.
A! - But you know what? It's all okay now.
A! - Because none of this matters anymore.
A! - You don't matter anymore.
A! - So take off your shirt before I rip it off you.
A! - We're doing it.
A! - You want to, don't you?
A! - You look so filthy right now, show me Luciella's smooth skin at least.
A smile twisted her features.
A! - Congrats, your wish to “help me” came true.
I didn't know how to react.
I was frozen.
What…?
It felt like I was going to be sick.
Finally, I shook my head.
L! - No… I don't want—
And the next thing I knew, Anabelle slapped me across the face.
My cheek stung.
A! - I don't care about what you want!
She gripped my jaw.
A! - Take it off. Now.
I…
I was half naked, sitting down pitifully.
Anyone could tell who was the one with power here.
Slowly, I pulled the shirt over my head, and dropped it to the floor.
Anabelle stood up again, and looked down at me.
A! - What are you stopping for?
A! - Do you expect me to take off your bra and panties for you?
A! - Do it yourself.
I flinched.
It was like I got slapped for the second time.
Under a gaze that felt like a gun pointed to my head, I stripped, unclipping my bra and pulling my panties off.
Shamefully naked, I looked up only to feel Anabelle's hand in my hair.
A! - Good girl.
I didn't dare to push her hand away.
I was paralysed.
A! - But I guess…
She circled around me.
A! - It's just too unfair if you're the only one that's naked.
She made a show out of sighing.
A! - Oh well, I guess my dress would have to go too.
A! - I can't have you feeling lonely.
Anabelle started taking everything off, headdress, socks, necklace, JSK, blouse, petticoat, bloomers, bra, panties.
I could only watch helplessly as the layers fell off one by one, I was shaking.
But when she was done, my wrist was grabbed and she yanked me up.
A! - Come on. We're going to the bed.
No.
No no no.
I don't want this.
I don't want this at all.
It felt like I was possessed by the reality of the situation and I tore my hand free with as much force as I could, stumbling backwards towards the door.
L! - No… you can't make me… I… I don't want to do it like this…!
A! - What?
She just stared at me, like she couldn't believe what she was hearing.
A! - A sex doll shouldn't be giving me orders.
That… was wrong.
This was all wrong.
L! - You can't make me… you can't make me…
I repeated the words again and again, trembling as I inched towards the door, fear preventing me from running.
But Anabelle closed the distance between us with wide strides, roughly grabbing my hand, eyes fierce.
A! - I don't care.
L! - No… no…!
I tugged at my arm, struggling with all the strength that I could muster but it was no use, she was too strong, nails digging into my skin.
Eventually, we reached the bedside and she flung me onto the mattress, straddling my legs.
A! - You have nowhere to run now.
And then, she flipped us over, holding one of my legs so that I couldn't get off.
Stretching her free arm out towards the bedside table, she pumped out some of the lube and rubbed it onto her dick.
A! - Get on it yourself. Go on, now that you can feel your body, it would feel good, right?
She was starting to look a little insane.
But there were tears in the corners of her eyes.
I couldn't understand.
I couldn’t understand, I couldn't understand anything at all.
But everything within me told me to get myself out of her grip somehow.
To run away and lock myself in the bathroom.
And yet…
And yet…!
I looked down at her erection.
If that thing went inside me…
Fear and disgust mixed together, so thick that it felt like I could throw it up.
But… Anabelle was crying.
I lifted myself up slowly, positioning myself over her dick.
And lowered myself.
It kissed the opening.
And then the tip slid in.
L! - Nngh…
I shifted myself, letting the tip go in and out.
Anabelle sighed.
A! - You can do better than that.
With her hands gripping my calves, she pulled me down, swinging her hips up at the same time.
L! - Hhggh! Hah… nnhggggg…!
Her dick went all the way in and my body seized, shaking.
The way it filled me up was too good.
Pleasure spiked in my brain.
I didn't know that this feeling was possible, it felt like I was going to die.
But the sickness I felt made me want to die even more.
How could I be enjoying this?
I shouldn't enjoy this.
I don't… want this…
But my hips had started moving on their own.
Knees on the bed, hands on her shoulders, I bounced on her dick in desperation, chasing pleasure.
And hating myself all the while.
This was sick.
I was sick.
A disgusting and rotten person.
Anabelle's eyes were closed in pleasure.
A! - Yes… keep going like that…!
She swung her hips up, grinding against the areas that I couldn't reach just by moving on my own.
L! - Mmghh!
Strangled sounds came out of my mouth, I fell forward into her chest, unable to keep myself upright.
Anabelle panted, then slapped my ass.
My body shook as I felt it inside me even more.
A! - Who said you could stop? For all your words you're also enjoying yourself… how gross…
My face was flushed both from heat and shame as I kept going.
Suddenly, Anabelle pulled at my legs, yanking me down.
A! - Cumming…!
I collapsed into her body as she shot her load inside me.
It was so warm, and it was filling me up…
My body shook, twitching.
And then, Anabelle let me go.
With her cum sticking to the sides of my walls, with her dick piercing into me, clarity about the situation hit me.
I swung my head down and retched.
A! - Aw… Did you like it that much? There, there.
Her hand was in my hair again, patting my head and I slapped it away.
L! - Don't touch me!
Getting off her, I crumpled to the floor, trying to ignore how her cum was running down my legs.
Curling up with my knees to my chest, I dropped my head into them.
L! - Don't touch me…
I felt so dirty.
I was no longer Luciella.
But I didn't want to accept this body as mine anymore.
I felt so unbearably dirty.
I wanted to cry, I wanted to throw up, I wanted to expel something, anything, from my body.
But this doll body couldn't even do that.
There were the sounds of the bedsheets moving and when I looked up, I saw Anabelle turning over, pulling the blanket over her.
A! - Do what you like. I'm going to sleep.
Just like that, it ended.
My body shook as I hugged my knees.
I had to wash her cum out of me.
I had to scrub my blackened body clean of her fingerprints.
GOTO:SCENE_SIXTEEN - Getting up slowly, my head blanking, I staggered to the bathroom.
###
SCENE_SIXTEEN
BG:BG_BATHROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Sha…
The water fell hard and fast, the cold freezing.
I sat down on the tiled floor, scratching at my skin frantically, the soap lathering until I could hardly feel it anymore.
Get her off me, get her off me, get her off me.
Get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me, get her off me.
Her cum was washed clean out of me but it didn't get rid of the dirty feeling.
I felt contaminated, like my body had been destroyed by her.
Owned by her.
Robbed from me.
I wanted to tear my skin off my body and scrub the insides clean.
Gross.
So gross.
Dirty, dirty, dirty.
I don't know how long I spent scrubbing myself down but I was exhausted by the time I stopped, realising that nothing I did would work.
It felt like I would never be clean again.
I had never even known it as a feeling, and now it was gone.
Supporting myself with knobs for hot and cold water, I got up
Stumbling out of the bathroom, I dripped water onto the floor until I found the towel, wiping myself dry.
Having showered, being somewhat dry, I felt the slightest, just the slightest, bit better compared to when I was still inside that room.
I didn't want to go back there.
GOTO:SCENE_SEVENTEEN - I hung the towel back on the rack, then walked slowly to the living room.
###
SCENE_SEVENTEEN
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
I collapsed on the sofa, curled up in a fetal position as I squeezed a pillow to my chest.
Thoroughly exhausted, I fell into a fitful sleep.
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Over the next few days and weeks, Anabelle would cry sometimes, she would look at me and cry.
A! - Why can't you be Luciella? Why can't you just be my Luciella? I don't understand…
She would say these things between sobs, with trembling shoulders.
It hurt to look at her, I hated that it hurt.
She… stripped me of myself.
She crushed it, and threw me away.
And then she stepped all over me.
Took advantage of me.
Blackened me.
Filled me with so much disgust.
I couldn't look at my body anymore.
Forced to wear those dresses because at least the sleeves were long, at least the socks could hide my legs and the gloves could cover my hands.
I didn't dare to think about those rock clothes anymore.
And I showered so much.
I didn't even need to shower usually.
But I would feel her hands on me, grabbing at my arms, my legs.
And I would run frantically to be under the shower head because it felt like I would be killed by revulsion towards myself if I didn't.
But none of this was what sickened me the most.
The worst part is that there was hardly an aftermath.
No fighting, no screaming.
Just blankly being around each other.
Anabelle let me read books now, she let me do whatever I wanted, dropping all of her expectations and delusions, grieving for them.
And I let her use me whenever she wanted, I stopped resisting, if I was just an onahole now then so be it.
Even though I felt dirtier and dirtier every time.
I didn't think about escaping.
I didn't think about hiding away and sleeping for eternity.
I was a doll.
I could go back to being a doll.
That was the closest I could get to committing suicide.
But I didn't do any of that.
I continued being there, responsive, alive, because it felt like Anabelle needed me.
Even after all that, I still cared about her.
I still thought about her.
That was the worst part.
A! - Luciella…
Then she paused, like she couldn't continue stand using that name anymore.
She continued in a soft voice.
CHOICE1:[I love her]:SCENE_SEVENTEEN_A CHOICE2:[I don't love her]:SCENE_SEVENTEEN_A A! - Do you love me?
###
SCENE_SEVENTEEN_A
L! - What… why…?
Was this a trick question?
What was she saying suddenly?
I didn't understand.
I laughed nervously.
L! - Don't ask me something like that… what do you want me to say?
A! - Naturally I want you to say yes.
She looked down at me from where she was sitting on the sofa with near expressionless eyes, save for a little bit of sadness.
The TV played something irrelevant in the background, a result of Anabelle mindlessly switching through the channels.
I stared at the book in my lap, feeling the floor with my hands.
Do I love her?
How… could I love her?
Anabelle, she…
I chewed on my bottom lip.
L! - Do you need me to love you?
A! - I hate you.
The answer was immediate.
L! - That's not my question.
L! - Do you need me to love you.
There was a long pause.
A! - Yes…
She looked away.
A! - I need your company.
A! - You're so gross and you're not Luciella anymore but…
A! - I'm just so lonely.
Her fists were clenched.
A! - I'm so fucking disgusting…
A! - I hate you… I hate you so much…
Tears ran down her face.
Anabelle was crying again.
I returned to my book.
L! - I feel disgusting all the time too…
When I continued reading, the words weren't interesting anymore.
But slowly, as time passed, I lost interest in more things.
Watching videos online was uninteresting.
Watching the TV was uninteresting.
In a last ditch attempt, I even tried drawing again.
As expected, it was uninteresting.
But there was no hate, no annoyance, no anger.
I just stared at the sketches on the paper.
Drawings that perfectly emulated Luciella artstyle.
I didn't get upset about it.
I didn't feel anything at all.
And I couldn't get upset even at that.
GOTO:SCENE_EIGHTEEN - There was just a quiet, growing sense of despair.
###
SCENE_EIGHTEEN
BG:BG_BEDROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
L! - Anabelle…
I walked into the bedroom after waking up, I had slept on the sofa, unable to sleep in that room anymore.
Anabelle was lying on the bed, hugging her body pillow of Luciella.
She looked up.
A! - Yes?
No malice, no nothing.
Her eyes were puffy.
The bed was horrifying.
I sat on the floor.
L! - Do you want to do it?
Bluntly.
Plainly.
She blinked at me.
A! - What?
L! - I can't feel anything anymore.
Anabelle pushed herself upright.
A! - What are you now then?
L! - I don't know.
L! - Please…
My voice stopped to a whisper.
L! - Please help me.
Anabelle looked at me for a while.
Then she patted the space on the bed next to her.
A! - Come up then.
I eyed the bed with fear.
With my nails digging into my skin, I walked towards it anyway.
A! - Take off your clothes. Or just your bloomers. Whatever you want, I don't really care.
Thankful to be able to keep most of my clothes on, I pulled my bloomers down my legs, along with my petticoat, before stepping out of my panties.
I got onto the bed once I was done, Anabelle had already taken her shorts off.
A! - Lie down. And spread yourself.
I did as I was told, lying down on the mattress and lifting my legs, holding them open.
Anabelle rubbed lube onto herself before moving towards me, placing her knees on either side of my body.
Her dick moved against the entrance of my pussy.
I squirmed under her.
A! - Look at you, begging for it.
A! - You're horny too, aren't you?
I couldn’t deny it, I hated that.
I wanted so badly to feel something.
When I looked at Anabelle's face, I knew that she was the same.
L! - Please… I’m sorry so, please, Anabelle…
There was a complicated look that came over her.
But then, she smirked.
A! - Fucking pathetic.
And slammed herself into me.
L! - Ouughh…!
Anabelle lowered her body, hands pinning my wrists down as she thrusted in and out of me.
It felt like I was going to get crushed under her weight, my resin eyes threatened to roll back.
A! - Do you like that? You fucking filthy doll.
A! - You're not Luciella, you're not anything, you're not even anyone.
She fucked me harder, rougher, full of anger.
My legs shook, my hands clenching.
It felt so good… it was too good, I was going to go crazy.
And there was no way out of the mating press, I could only lie there and take it.
Helplessly… powerlessly…
Just like—
An image of that time flashed through my head.
I felt the mattress through my clothes.
When I looked down, my dress had lifted through all the movement, I saw my skin, and her dick, moving in and out of me.
I felt sick immediately.
L! - Stop… Anabelle… stop it…
I tugged at my wrists, struggling, trying to get free somehow.
But she doubled down, shoving her dick in till the base.
My abdomen clenched.
Disgust, pleasure.
I wanted to throw up.
A! - Just shut up.
L! - Stop, I don’t want—
And suddenly her lips were pressed onto mine, her tongue invading my mouth.
L! - Mmfh…!
I turned my head away but she let go of one of my wrists, shifting my arms up so that she could hold them both with one hand.
L! - I said I don’t want it anymore, I’m sorry, I’m sorry…
Begging, apologising, I wanted it to stop, I wanted to cry, I shouldn’t have come to her, I shouldn’t have asked for anything.
With her free hand, she grabbed my jaw and held me still.
It was as though she had completely bound me.
A! - I told you to shut up.
Anabelle kissed me again and I let her, I had no choice, I couldn’t do anything.
The fleshiness of her tongue against mine, her saliva in my mouth, I wanted to gag and spit it all out.
All the while her dick rammed into me, stirring up my insides.
I hated it, I hated it all.
But there was no strength in my body to struggle, to fight back.
Wasn’t I just for her use?
Wasn’t that what I resigned myself to?
Why…
Because I had initiated it… I wanted to feel something…
I haven’t given up on myself completely, have I?
I have not.
Pushing past my fear, my self-abandonment and my hate for my body, I yanked my hands free of her grip, too small to secure my wrists as well as before, pushing myself away from her.
Shlop.
Her dick exited my body and I panted, my back against the headboard, looking at her,
L! - Please… please…
Cornered and still hoping that I would get through to her, she sighed as though disappointed in me.
A! - Get back here.
Barely contained anger.
I shook my head, slowly, then furiously.
L! - No… I don’t want to be your Luciella, or your plaything, or your anything anymore.
L! - You’ve rejected me again and again, forcing me to be something you wanted.
L! - But what about what I want?
L! - I have loved you, when you used to take care of me, I did.
L! - But now…
Shakily, the words that were trapped in my heart started to come out.
L! - I want to be my own person now.
Anabelle closed her eyes and I fought the urge to flee, I had to stand my ground, I had to face her.
She breathed in and out again for what seemed like eternity.
A! - Why…
A! - Why can’t you just do what I say?!
Anabelle reached her arms out, wrapping her hands around my legs and pulling me towards her.
But I wasn’t going to let her get what she wanted anymore, I couldn’t forsake myself any longer.
Swinging my legs wildly, one of them hit their mark, connecting with her chest.
A! - Guh!
GOTO:SCENE_NINETEEN - She let go of me and I grabbed my chance, ditching my clothes on the floor and running to the bathroom.
###
SCENE_NINETEEN
BG:BG_BATHROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Bang!
I slammed the door shut behind me, locking it shut before I fell to the floor, heaving.
A! - Luciella!
She had found me.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Anabelle banged against the door.
A! - Get your ass out of there now!
I curled up on the floor, shaking.
There was no way I could leave now.
L! - Why can’t you just… leave me be?
A! - Leave you be?
She scoffed.
A! - How could I possibly do that? Don’t be ridiculous.
L! - But that’s what you did! You left me alone, you let me read, only until now it felt like a switch was flipped in you—
A! - I was suffering a loss!
She shouted now and I flinched.
A! - I was suffering a loss of my Luciella, because she turned out to be a… thing… the thing that you are.
A! - Something so gross, so disgusting and repulsive, how can I just let you do what you want?
A! - I was suffering and lost but thanks to you and your outburst, I have woken up again.
A! - I can’t have this continue, I can’t have you just doing things on your own.
A! - Things were better before you started moving, things were better before.
A! - Yes, yes…
A! - I should just store you somewhere, tied and gagged, everything would go back to before, go back to normal—
L! - Then why use me!
L! - Why did you continue?!
L! - If I’m so disgusting, so repulsive, why touch me at all?!
The thoughts that she was having, the way that they continued was dangerous.
There was a tone of insanity creeping into her voice.
I had to say something, anything, to stop her.
The pause that came after that seemed to drag onto infinity.
A! - Because… I'm equally as disgusting.
Her voice was level now, as though all her emotions were drained from it.
A! - I'm so gross… and perverted.
A! - Why…
Was…
Was she crying?
A! - Why did I have to be born as a boy?
Anabelle's voice trembled.
A! - None of this would be happening if I was just born as a girl.
L! - And now you're just lying to yourself.
The words came out coldly, my jaw clenched.
Even I was surprised.
But somehow, the words didn't stop.
L! - You can't use that to explain yourself.
L! - You can't use that as a shield for your actions.
I was trembling, but this time with rage.
L! - Listen to what you're saying.
L! - You… can't use your gender issues like this.
A! - They're not gender issues! They're more than tha—
L! - You can't do what you like to me and then use that as a justification!
L! - You're not the only one suffering!
L! - I hurt too!
L! - So don't play the victim here.
There was silence.
This was the first time I had shouted at her.
Ragged breaths left me.
It felt like I was in a trance, saying all that.
But all those words that were stuck without a place to go had been thrown up now.
A! - You really… you…
A! - No… no no no no…
A! - Don't do this…
A! - Don't do this, don't do this, don't do this, don't do this.
A! - Don't do this to me!
A! - Why are you fighting back!
A! - You're not supposed to!
A! - Why can't you just… take it?!
A! - Surely you can do that much…
I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
L! - Because I have feelings too!
L! - Because I have emotions, I have wants and needs just like you!
L! - Why can't you understand something simple like that?
L! - How have you lived all this while…
A! - I… I…
It was as though she was struggling to find things to say.
A! - I don't know…
A! - I can't…
L! - Leave.
My voice was hard.
L! - Get lost!
A! - I… I…
A! - I don't…
Anabelle continued mumbling incoherently to herself but soon, I heard the pattering sounds of her footsteps leaving.
And then I sighed.
Long and loud.
My head was spinning.
Still trembling, from rage or fear, I didn't know.
But I stood up, and walked to the mirror above the sink, staring at myself.
Luciella stared back at me.
Light purple eyes, long pink hair, fair and flawless skin.
Everything, absolutely everything, filled me with disgust and anger.
I eyed the hair cutting scissors laying in a box near the sink.
Then I snatched it up, using my free hand to grab a bunch of that long, flowing hair.
Snip.
A lock of hair fell to the floor and I stared at it with a sense of wonder blooming in my chest.
This was my answer.
I could finally take myself back.
Grabbing another chunk of hair, I hacked at it with the scissors until it came off.
Holding the lock in my hand, I stared at it for a while, then tossed it into the sink.
I continued like this, working around my entire head, snipping off chunks.
At some point, I gave up throwing the hair into the sink, letting it fall onto the floor instead.
Snip. Snip, snip.
Light pink hair scattered everywhere.
And finally, when I looked at myself in the mirror, a choppy bob was formed.
L! - Pfft.
I couldn't help but laugh, the sound loud and clear.
There was a sense of euphoria.
I looked like… me.
Calmer, slowing down, I started to even out the layers.
I faced the mirror, carefully using the scissors to ensure that my hair was around the same length.
Finally, when I was done, I looked up and stared at my reflection, at my chin-length hair.
L! - Anabelle… she would be so mad.
But I wasn't scared anymore.
GOTO:SCENE_TWENTY - Any kind of reaction she had, I would face her head on.
###
SCENE_TWENTY
BG:BG_BEDROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
After sweeping up all the hair and throwing it away, I sneaked into the bedroom to pick my clothes up from the floor.
But Anabelle wasn't in the room.
Slipping on undergarments, I decided to check the living room.
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
I found Anabelle sitting on the sofa, knees to her chest, biting her nails nervously.
L! - Anabelle.
She looked up.
A! - Oh.
A! - You… your hair.
She stared at me.
Then her mouth twitched.
A! - Haha…
A! - Hahahahahahaha…
A! - Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Anabelle covered her mouth with her hand but her laughter didn't stop.
It rang out throughout the room but there was an edge to it that…
I said that I wouldn't be scared anymore.
I didn't want to be scared anymore.
But a shiver ran down my spine.
My nails dug into my palms.
L! - There's nothing for you to laugh at.
A! - What are you talking about?
A! - There's everything for me to laugh at.
She pointed at me from where she was sitting.
A! - Like your hair for one, it's so short now, how ugly.
A! - Since when could you change your hairstyle?
A! - That's not allowed.
A! - It didn't happen in the anime.
My jaw clenched.
L! - Are you hearing yourself?
L! - I'm not an anime character.
L! - I'm not Luciella!
L! - I—
A! - Then what are you?
Anabelle got up, glaring at me.
A! - Who are you?
A! - If you're not Luciella then who the fuck are you?!
L! - I…
… don't know.
I don't know who I am.
L! - But I won't be what you want me to be!
Anabelle's lips stretched to reveal her teeth.
A! - Oh yeah?
A! - You don't even know who you are.
She approached me, then grabbed a fistful of my hair.
L! - Ow, stop—
A! - This, what you did here?
A! - It's disgusting. You ruined your beauty and for what?
A! - You're trying to find yourself? You're trying to discover who you are?
A! - You look ugly! You look so ugly doing it!
A! - So what's the point? You should just stay pretty for me.
I snatched myself away from her.
L! - Enough!
L! - I'm going to do what I want, I'm not going to follow you anymore!
L! - I don't care if you don't like it, I don't care if you hate me!
Anabelle laughed again, then walked back to the sofa.
A! - Suit yourself.
A! - You'll get tired of this nonsense soon, and then you'll come back to me.
But for all her taunts, when she sat down again, there was a vaguely anxious quality to her.
L! - Just you wait.
I muttered under my breath.
GOTO:SCENE_TWENTYONE L! - I'll make you eat your words.
###
SCENE_TWENTYONE
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
I said that but I didn't know how to start or what to do.
What made up a self?
What made up me?
I knew what I didn't want, but what about what I wanted?
I wanted…
I wanted to be out of this disgusting body.
To cover it up with different clothes.
To be done with these layers of frills.
But the thought of seeing my skin, this rotted, dirty, silicone skin…
It was disgusting.
Disgusting, disgusting, disgusting.
I hugged my body and started scratching my arms through my sleeves.
Disgusting, disgusting, disgusting, disgusting.
Disgusting, disgusting, disgusting, disgusting, disgusting.
My breaths started to quicken, it felt like I wasn't getting enough air.
Hard, rough breaths went in and out.
I couldn't breathe.
Scritch, scritch, scritch.
These clothes were gross, my skin was gross, I was gross.
I couldn't do it anymore.
It was hitting me all at once.
I could… call it rape, right?
Those instances counted as rape, right?
She made me feel so…
I didn't have the words.
I wanted to scrub myself clean but if I took my clothes off it felt like I would die.
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
When I woke up, the sun was high in the sky, lighting up the entire room.
Swinging my legs over the edge of the sofa, I was about to get up when I saw her.
L! - Wha—
It was Anabelle, sleeping on the floor with her blanket over her.
I jolted, pushing my legs back until I was pressed against the back of the sofa.
What was she doing here?
Black hair pooled around her, fair hands peeking through the blanket from where she was lying down sideways, curled up like a baby.
She looked so vulnerable in this moment.
I haven't seen Anabelle sleeping in a long while.
The expression on her face…
She looked sad.
There was a twinge of pain inside me but I stomped it down.
How can I feel bad for her?
I shouldn't.
Anabelle's hands were clenched and she was muttering something.
A! - Don't… leave…
Soft, tiny words reached my ears.
It looked like she was going to break at any moment.
That was how fragile she seemed.
Laid bare.
Raw.
I trembled.
It felt like I was looking inside her skin.
At the messy things that made up humans.
It was frightening.
I want to close my eyes and cover my ears and leave this behind me.
But I stayed and watched.
Tears formed in the corners of her eyes.
A! - Stay…
A! - Or there'll be nothing… I'll have nothing…
Have I ever seen her like this before?
I had known her for three years but this was the first time that this was happening.
What was she keeping inside all this while?
Intrigue kept me rooted.
Anabelle shifted a little in her sleep.
Tears dripped down her face silently.
GOTO:SCENE_TWENTYTWO - I watched her silently all the way until she woke up.
###
SCENE_TWENTYTWO
BG:BG_KITCHEN TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Anabelle scooped cereal into her mouth and I joined her at the dining table, pulling the chair out gingerly.
L! - You were crying in your sleep.
She looked up, shocked, then scoffed.
A! - Straight to the point, huh.
L! - I mean, it's on you for sleeping on the floor.
L! - You have your own bed, what were you doing on the floor?
She laughed.
A! - What's up with you, suddenly cordial?
A! - Switching up your tone so fast, it's almost like you care about me.
A! - Were we not just fighting? What's with this sudden caring act?
I gritted my teeth.
L! - Is it fun for you to say these things?
Anabelle shrugged her shoulders.
A! - What else did you want?
She continued to scoop cereal into her mouth, eating like nothing had happened.
I want… to know about her.
To understand.
Then maybe we can sort things out.
The way things were now were just so… strange.
I don't care about her, but I sort of do and it pisses me off.
She doesn't listen to me at all but she's struggling with… something… and it feels like something would happen if I manage to pry that out.
As I bunched up my clothes in my fists, the realisation hit me.
I never did know why she was so caught up in her delusions.
If I figure it out, if we could actually talk, she might let me explore myself.
If I took this step and—
A! - We're doing it later.
L! - What?
My train of thought stopped, crashing into the suddenly erected wall and exploding.
My skin crawled.
I shook my head frantically.
L! - No, no, we're not.
Her eyes hardened.
A! - Yes we are.
No, no, no, no, no.
My hands balled up into fists.
I was about to be sick.
L! - Don't… do this to me.
A! - Do what to you?
She laughed, the sound was grating.
A! - What happened to your caring act earlier?
A! - Why're you pushing back again?
Her tone soured.
A! - I knew it, I knew you weren't being sincere.
A! - I knew you were just saying things, trying to get information out of me.
A! - Did you just want to hold it over me? Did you just want to—
L! - That's not the point! How did you even start thinking in that direction?!
L! - I just…! Don't… want to have sex with you!
Shaking, I was shaking.
It felt like everything was turning and falling over.
L! - It makes me feel gross! And disgusting!
L! - Your hands on me… When you push yourself inside me…
L! - I hate that it feels good! I hate that I… like it…!
Shame was filling me up, it felt like it would suffocate me.
I wanted to cry from the force of it.
L! - It makes me want to just kill myself, I'm so dirty, I'm so disgusting…
L! - I can never be clean, no matter what I do and it's all because of you!
L! - All because of you…
I was breathing too fast.
L! - I… I feel like I should just sleep forever.
Silence.
It lasted for a long time.
Clink.
Anabelle's spoon clattered into the bowl.
Milk spilled onto the table.
A! - No… no, you can't do that.
Her voice was all shaky, eyes darting around.
A! - You can't do that!
A! - You can't die!
The chair toppled over as Anabelle stood up.
She reached across the table and grabbed my shoulders.
A! - You can't, you can't, you can't!
Frantically, wildly.
Her hands gripping me made my shoulders hurt.
Her eyes searched mine.
She was scared.
Truly terrified.
A! - I… I… You're not supposed to do that!
A! - You're not even real, you can't just kill yourself all on your own!
A! - That's not supposed to happen, you're a doll!
A! - Dolls don't die! Dolls don't—
L! - Wouldn't that be better for you?
I pushed her hands away from me.
L! - Everything would go back to before, I won't argue, I wouldn't fight back, I wouldn't anything anymore.
L! - Won't you like that?
L! - I'll be your perfect Luciella, I'll be anything you want.
L! - It would go back to before I revealed my consciousness to you.
L! - And you'll be happy, right?
A soft smile was appearing on my face now.
Yes, maybe this was what I should do.
Maybe this was the right decision.
No more fighting, no more pain.
It would be good for both of us.
But Anabelle's face was growing pale.
A! - You can't… you can't…!
That was all she said, it was as though that was all she could say.
A! - Don't leave me… don't be like everyone else!
She grabbed my shoulders again, shaking me.
A! - Hey, don't just stand there! Say something! Anything…
There were fresh tears running down her face.
She dropped her head, facing the table.
A! - Don't go off making all these decisions on your own…
I bit back a laugh.
L! - Even now you're trying to restrict me.
She faced me with crying eyes.
A! - But you just said that you wanted to kill yourself!
A! - How can you say that!
A! - How do you expect me to let that happen?!
I sighed.
L! - I thought you hated me, that you found me disgusting and revolting.
L! - Wouldn't you want me gone? So that you can have your Luciella back?
L! - Since when did you care this much? Why does this matter to you at all?
A! - Because… because…!
Her hands on my shoulders trembled.
A! - I don't know…
She let go, and covered her face with her hands.
A! - I… I don't know.
She was wrecked by quiet sobs.
And then she turned around, righting her chair and falling into it.
Arms resting on the table, she dropped her head into it before starting to speak again.
A! - I don't want you to disappear… I don't want to go back to being alone.
L! - But you were doing just fine before when I was a doll.
L! - Didn't you have fun talking to me? Dressing me up? Reading books, watching anime? Even…
I couldn't continue the rest of what I wanted to say.
L! - You could have it all back.
L! - Luciella would be all yours again.
A! - I… I know, but…
A! - You… I…
Her words started and stopped, like she didn't know how to explain things even to herself.
Forehead resting on the table, she grabbed at her hair.
A! - I don't know what I'm doing, isn't this what I wanted?
A! - Why… why does it hurt?
A! - I don't get it…
A! - I don't want you to die…
A! - Why don't I want you to die…?
A! - If you're gone then I'll be with Luciella again, you're just collateral that's in the way.
Anabelle pulled at her hair.
A! - I don't understand.
Then she looked up with a face streaked with tears, reaching across the table to take my hands in hers.
A! - Please tell me, what's going on right now?
A! - What… why is this happening?
That pleading expression, I had never seen it before.
Was she looking at me for help?
How shameless.
CHOICE1:[Help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_A CHOICE2:[Don't help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_B - How pitiful.
###
SCENE_TWENTYTWO_A
I sighed, pulling my hands away.
I hated this but…
GOTO:SCENE_TWENTYTHREE L! - We should talk in the living room instead of across the table like this.
###
SCENE_TWENTYTWO_B
I hesitated.
CHOICE1:[Help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_A CHOICE2:[Don't help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_C - She was squeezing my hands in hers
###
SCENE_TWENTYTWO_C
A! - Luciella, please…
She let go for a brief moment to wipe away her tears.
CHOICE1:[Help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_A CHOICE2:[Don't help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_D - A! - I can't figure this out on my own.
###
SCENE_TWENTYTWO_D
The more I looked at her, the more she was like a child.
Confused.
Scared.
I hated it so much.
Why could she suddenly play the victim?
What gave her the right…!
CHOICE1:[Help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_A CHOICE2:[Don't help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_E - But those eyes were so genuinely lost.
###
SCENE_TWENTYTWO_E
Could I really leave her like this?
What would happen if I did?
CHOICE1:[Help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_A CHOICE2:[Don't help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_F - I...
###
SCENE_TWENTYTWO_F
CHOICE1:[Help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_A CHOICE2:[Don't help her]:SCENE_TWENTYTWO_F - ...
GOTO:SCENE_TWENTYTHREE
###
SCENE_TWENTYTHREE
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
We sat down on the sofa, Anabelle sitting down uncertainly next to me.
Just to get things straight, you want me to stay, right?
She nodded.
Don't die… I don't want you to die…
Okay. Then I won't.
Hands in her lap, head looking down, Anabelle looked so… sad.
I reached out towards her, then drew my hand away.
Do… do you care about me? Or not?
Be honest, Anabelle.
I…
I don't… know…
Anabelle fiddled with her hands, thinking.
How could something this simple prove so difficult for her?
It drove a stake through my heart.
But I had to be patient, we were finally getting somewhere.
So I waited, looking at her all the while.
I think I care…
I mean… I must… right?
Logically speaking… if I don't want you to be gone…
If I don't care then, none of this would matter… or hurt this much.
I… ugh…
Her right hand was gripped in her left.
Her jaw was clenched.
I don't want to care… about you.
About someone who stole my Luciella away…
I had to be calm.
I continued, my tone as even as before.
Even though… my empathy was waning.
So why do you care? What makes you care?
The problem underlying all of this was the key to everything.
I just had to figure it out.
I…
Her voice lowered even further.
I need you to keep me company.
I need to know… that there's a living, or kind of living, presence…
Even if you don't do what I say… even if you're not Luciella…
You're just someone wearing her skin but you're… here.
I've been missing something like this all the while…
I miss…
Uuhgg…
It was as though she was forcing the words out with everything she had, holding her head like it hurt.
I miss her…
Anabelle finally said softly, tears dripping onto her clothes.
Curiosity overtook all of my other emotions.
Who… is “her”?
She took a deep, shuddering breath.
She's my… ex-girlfriend.
We lived here… together.
That was before you.
But she… and I… aaahhggg…
I don't want to talk about this, I don't want to think about this.
She hugged her knees to her chest.
Don't make me think about her…
I've been doing so good all this time…
I can't believe she's back in my thoughts again… haha….
What a joke.
Anabelle turned to face me suddenly.
I've been bad, I've been selfish and even after all that I still can't bring myself to love you.
I can't love you but I don't want you to leave.
Isn't that just horrible?
Am I not just horrible?
Why can't I let you go? Why can't I let her go?
My memories… my pain and hate, why can't I let them go?
I don't understand…
As though in desperation, as though without anywhere else to go, her tears flowed frantically.
She wiped them away harshly.
And I keep crying and crying, I don't change, nothing changes.
I'm weak, I'm horrible and gross.
Maybe I should just allow you to die.
Maybe I should just be alone again, playing house all by myself.
She laughed bitterly.
Maybe I deserve that.
I reached my hands out this time, pressing her hands into mine.
You don't…
Probably.
I can't say that I like you. No, with everything that you've done, I hate you too.
You've caused me so so so much pain.
Even now, holding her hands on my own accord made them shake, I wanted to pull them away so badly.
In spite of that, I had to get my point through.
But giving up now just puts a definite stop on everything.
That's why I'm not going to put a definite stop on my life together.
We can… figure things out, right?
Nothing about all this is ideal.
But maybe we can get there… at least a little.
I will never forgive you.
But things can't continue like this either.
Anabelle drew her hands away.
How can you still be this strong?
I feel like… such a child.
She dropped her head into her hands.
There was a long period of silence, filled up only by her sobs.
I… loved a girl once.
She lifted her head, staring down at her clothes once again.
Drawing a shaky breath, she continued.
Her family situation wasn't exactly great, she was the one that suggested running away first.
I was… frustrated… with everything.
My body sickened me, I felt nauseated every time I had to put on my uniform for school.
My parents weren't any better, it's just clothes, they told me, go to school. They didn't understand at all.
Even when I did go to school, I couldn't fit in, I didn't have friends, I didn't have anything.
And she…
She was the light in my life, the only thing that took me away.
Not just that, she loved me as a girl… being with her was the only time that I felt like a girl.
Forever… she promised me forever.
As Anabelle continued speaking, her voice grew more and more monotone.
It was like she was speaking from somewhere far away, somewhere detached from herself.
Hand in hand, smiling faces, we ran away. Left everything behind.
It was hard at first, we were homeless for a while.
But we managed to get jobs somewhere, somehow.
FnB, convenience stores, packing at warehouses, we both worked at whenever would accept us.
And maybe because my parents didn't want to leave me for dead but whatever it was, they would send me an allowance sometimes, so that helped us a lot.
And eventually, we had enough for this, for a house.
That was huge, we were happy.
Anabelle paused, and sighed.
So where did it start to go wrong?
I spent so long thinking about that, what exactly was the turning point?
But I never did figure it out.
Maybe it was when her mom started to beg for her to come home.
Maybe it was when she started to dread going to work.
Maybe it was when she started wondering what the point of all this was.
Maybe it was when she started having regrets.
I couldn't understand. I didn't regret anything. I was happy as long as she was by my side.
She was too, right?
But it was different… she slowly…
Anabelle was quivering.
I couldn't tell if it was from sadness, fear of anger.
Mood swings. She got unstable, and unhappy.
And then she started to blame me.
She said that I was the reason that we were in this situation.
She said that she wanted to go back home.
But how was I supposed to let her go?
Her house wasn't a safe place, to say the least.
Her mom was abusive and codependent, I could talk about that part all day long but that's not the point.
I could let her go back there.
She wouldn't want to ever leave if she went back.
She would suffer more.
I tried to tell this to her, I really did.
But she… started to attack me, hit all of my weak spots.
Said that she didn't know why she was with a tranny. That she would rather be with an actual girl.
She told me that I would never be a real girl.
We had several physical fights after that, they always ended in crying and apologising.
She always said that she was sorry, that she wouldn't do it again.
I learned at this point that her apologies didn't hold water.
But… I still loved her, no, I needed her.
I had no one else. I had nothing else.
She was the only thing keeping me going.
Even if she was unstable, even if she insulted me, as long as I could help her, as long as I could be there for her, things would be okay.
But then…
Then… amidst everything, something happened.
Aaahhgg…
Anabelle ran her hands through her hair.
We were… we were having sex.
And suddenly she stopped. She said that she couldn't anymore.
She didn't want to stay with me anymore…
She said that I was too clingy, too overbearing, that my love for her was too much, she cried as she said that she rather I hated her.
How could she say such things? After everything that we had been through together?
I was so overwhelmed with rage, grief, my emotions were spinning.
And then I… in my anger…
Anabelle covered her face with her hands.
Her voice was barely a whisper.
I pushed her back onto the bed.
I raped her.
I… she… I had the physical advantage, she could only struggle so much.
The look on her face when it was over, her eyes were so hollow, it was like she died.
It scared me, and I cried so much.
Come back. I'm sorry, come back, please, I kept repeating those words through my tears.
Anabelle herself looked like she was breaking.
Her hands were back on her thighs, nails digging into her skin.
Hahaha…
What was I hoping for…
She took her things and left the next day.
She told me that no one would ever accept me, would ever love me again.
I got depressed, I stopped working.
And then I… bought Luciella shortly after.
It was impossible to touch my body anymore.
My sexual urges felt disgusting. I felt disgusting.
It felt like I was better off dead.
That must have been when my obsession for Luciella really…
Luciella was real to me, she became what kept me alive.
I woke up every day with her at my side, I would talk to her all the time, spending time with her every day became my new reason for living.
Luciella… replaced her.
I put everything, all my needs, all my wants, onto Luciella.
That was the only way I could cope.
When Anabelle faced me, her tears had dried up.
But then suddenly, you woke up.
And you even said that you remembered everything.
Of course I was overjoyed.
All of my hopes and dreams were coming true.
Luciella, she was here, she was real, she could move and talk to me like a real person.
But then I realised that it wasn't Luciella who was in front of me.
It was you.
My world crumbled.
What happened to Luciella?
Who was it that I was spending time with? Did Luciella only exist in my imagination?
That… couldn't be right.
I didn't want that to be true, that couldn't be true.
So I forced even more expectations onto you.
It felt like my reality would break if you weren't Luciella.
It felt like my reality was already cracking, fissures growing into deep chasms.
This wasn't Luciella, this wasn't my Luciella.
I was losing my mind.
And finally, you discovered the clothes.
Those were her clothes. I couldn't help but keep them.
Something snapped in me that day, I had been trying not to think about her for three long years and suddenly she was right in my face again.
Rage overtook everything.
And then I… I…
A complicated smile was stretching her features.
I kept thinking about her, I kept thinking about what I was doing, I thought about so many things.
I resented you, and I resented myself.
There was no going back past that point.
Luciella was gone. I knew it at that moment.
I had killed Luciella. Only you were left.
But I wanted to deny that reality so badly.
There's no way that was true! Luciella was here! I could… I could see her and touch her…
I continued imposing my impossible expectations onto you all the way until now, all the while knowing that I had killed the Luciella I had so loved.
No, not just that, all the while knowing that she never existed.
It was you inside of Luciella all along.
Haha…
Anabelle laughed.
I just needed to keep up the farce.
I didn't know what else I could believe.
I didn't know how I could bring myself to believe anything else.
If Luciella was fake, if Luciella was just my delusions when…
But… you know everything now.
You… know it all now…
I won’t force anything onto you anymore, there’s no more point.
She looked away, averting her gaze, but I reached out my hand, tilting her head back to face me.
I couldn't sort out the feelings inside of me.
There were too many.
Hate, sadness, relief, all fighting for space.
Thank you, for telling me all of this.
It must have been difficult all on your own.
Her tears flowed anew.
It's been… so hard…
Anabelle's voice choked up and suddenly, she threw her arms around me.
I stilled, skin crawling with disgust, but slowly, I hugged her back.
It must have been.
Anabelle sniffed, then let go of me.
What do you want to do now?
I… You… you can do whatever you want now…
You want that, right?
She was suddenly so meek, so small, looking at me with those eyes…
I was supposed to be happy about this.
It was what I wanted all along.
But this flip, this sudden reversal.
I wasn't sure why but…
It was uncomfortable.
Almost creepy.
I…
I’ll think about it.
But um… is it okay if I keep those clothes?
Anabelle flinched almost.
Then, she averted her eyes.
You can, I have… no use for them.
Okay. I’ll go and look for them.
Yeah. I’ll… stay here… for a while.
So I left her awkwardly, almost gladly, as I walked towards the bedroom.
It was just too difficult to be in the same space as her all of a sudden, when she looked like that I couldn't…
There was something about her eyes, something about her expression, it was just so defeated.
And it couldn't help but anger me, why could she play the victim, why, when she had caused me so much hurt?
And yet, I felt so sorry for her that there was an ache in my chest.
GOTO:SCENE_TWENTYFOUR - When I turned around to look at her, she was still staring blankly into space.
###
SCENE_TWENTYFOUR
BG:BG_BEDROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
The moment I walked in, I closed the door and fell to the floor.
L! - Hah… ha… ah…
Rapid breaths came out without stopping.
I felt like a marionette with its string cut, collapsing helplessly in a heap of limbs.
Now that I was alone, an influx of emotions overtook me, I kept circling back to Anabelle's question.
What was it that I wanted?
It's true, I finally had it.
Freedom, control, will of my own.
But there was a growing hole that threatened to swallow me whole.
I… didn’t know why…
Anabelle’s eyes flashed in my mind.
All the crying, all that vulnerability, she was so raw, it was like she was bleeding out in front of me.
I shivered.
Anabelle had exposed herself to me, she broke down the walls around me and revealed a huge, wide world.
I didn’t know what to do with all of that.
My head hurt, as though something jagged and spiky was digging into the insides of my brain.
There was just something so scary… but I had to do something, I couldn’t freeze up after coming all this way.
I suppose I could start with the clothes, yes, that was a good start.
Taking a deep sigh in, I calmed myself down.
Focus, I had to focus on what I had now.
So I stood up and opened the closet doors.
Reaching into the back, I took out the bags of clothes once again.
And stared at them expressionlessly.
There was nothing holding me back anymore.
There was nothing… right?
I opened the bags and laid everything out.
There was a surprising amount of clothes, considering that these weren't Anabelle's.
I looked at the t-shirts, some of them were cut up and altered.
These bands… rock bands? Or metal bands?
I should search them up later.
Rummaging around, I found where I placed my sketchbook and opened to a blank page, jotting down some of the names.
I looked at the list I made for a long time.
A smile appeared on my lips.
L! - Ha… Haha!
I laughed a little, joy blooming in my chest.
It felt like I was claiming back what was imposed onto me.
Returning to the clothes, I found some oversized pants and short skirts, alongside ripped tights and fishnets.
She must have liked black and plaid patterns a lot.
As well as metal details, there were so many.
Studs, spikes, chains and zippers.
I wondered what kind of person she was…
But in any case, I decided to pick out an outfit.
I put aside the jacket first, black and oversized with red stripes in the hood.
As I searched around there was a bag of chains labelled “jacket” so I put that aside too, alongside a t-shirt with the neckline cut off.
Which left me with… bottoms and accessories.
Out of the corner of my eye, a skirt snagged my attention.
Half black, half red plaid, straps running down the side, it was gorgeous.
But if I wore it, my legs would…
The image of Anabelle's hands grabbing at my legs flashed through my mind and I shook my head.
I could always cover them up with socks, leggings, anything else, I could wear the skirt without my legs exposed, it was okay.
I breathed in and looked at the clothes I had picked out, excitement slowly rising.
But it was quickly squashed down, extinguished, killed.
I had to take my current clothes off.
I had to face my naked body.
I… the thought of my skin, Luciella's skin, my dirtied and black skin.
L! - A… ah… hah… aaaahh…
I was on the floor before I knew it, holding my body.
Breaths went in and out of my mouth, I couldn't breathe, I couldn't think.
There was only her hands on me, on my arms, my legs, she held me down and I was paralysed.
L! - Stop… stop…
I kicked my feet against the floor, pushing myself away until I was against the closet door, hugging my knees.
L! - Don't be like this… I don't want to think about this… ahh… ah…
Breathe, I needed to breathe.
I… I needed to calm down.
My body… ugh…
It's fine… everything is okay.
Anabelle isn't even in this room right now.
I was okay.
I… was okay.
I breathed in and out, trembling, holding myself until I felt fine again.
And then slowly, slowly, I started to take off my clothes.
Biting my bottom lip, nervously, I pulled my socks down.
But as I looked down…
My skin, it was as though it was black with handprints and I yanked my socks back up.
I couldn't do this, I couldn't do this after all.
I glanced at the rock clothes.
How desperately I wanted to wear them, I just wanted to wear something I chose for myself, something other than these frills…
Why was that so hard?
L! - Uu… uhhgg…
I gripped at the folds of my dress.
I wished I could just tear it into pieces.
These clothes… I didn't want to wear them anymore.
Closing my eyes, I took a breath in, then quickly, hurrying, I pulled down my bloomers and petticoat, unzipping my dress and letting it pool around my legs.
I stepped out of it then opened my eyes again, careful not to look at myself.
That's it… if I didn't look at my skin then it would be okay.
And so somehow, feeling around with my hands to put the clothes on with my eyes closed, I finally managed to do it.
Sighing, I opened my eyes and dared to look down.
I looked… good.
Really good.
Hesitantly taking a step towards the mirror, I looked at myself and gasped.
Everything fit so perfectly, happiness enveloped me in its warm arms.
I could look at myself now and actually feel happy at what I saw in the mirror.
GOTO:SCENE_TWENTYFIVE - It filled me with joy.
###
SCENE_TWENTYFIVE
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Anabelle wasn't on the sofa anymore.
Maybe she went out.
But no matter, sketchbook in hand, I made my way to the computer room.
BG:BG_COMPUTERROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Placing the sketchbook on the table, I opened it to the page where I wrote down the band names, then switched the computer on.
I started to search up the bands, listening to the songs that they're famous for.
Heavy drums, bass, electric guitar.
It was intense and new and…
I loved it.
I didn't know how to explain it, it was just…
The feeling of the earpieces in my ears, even the feeling of the clothes was different.
The way the tights felt on my skin, the material was thinner than socks and stretchier, the heaviness of the jacket on my shoulders, even the lack of a petticoat.
It was all so… freeing almost.
Like I could let out a big sigh and really tell myself that all the troubles to put it on was worth it.
The songs too, I was starting to understand Anabelle's ex-girlfriend a little, so she was someone with this kind of music taste.
It was intriguing to me, to learn about someone other than Anabelle, after all, for the past three years I had only interacted with her.
But there was someone else now that was real, I could learn about a real person instead of absorbing information about personality from fictional books.
It was all so exciting.
So I continued listening, trying to understand the lyrics, to picture what kind of person would enjoy these songs, these clothes.
Trying to understand… what kind of person Anabelle loved…
I paused the music.
Took off the earpieces.
Somehow, it felt like everything always went back to Anabelle.
Her control over me.
Her lack of control over me.
The… things that she did to me.
Her feelings, her raw emotions.
Her fears, struggles.
Her pain.
And mine.
They were all interconnected, intertwined.
I loved her before, really, truly.
But what about now?
I have been trying not to think about it, avoiding it with all of my might.
Love…
Love was always complicated, no matter what kind of book I read.
There were always some relationship troubles going on, some kind of conflicting feelings.
Sometimes love wins. Sometimes it doesn't.
Anabelle thought that she would love that girl forever, maybe she still does, I wouldn't know.
I thought that I would love Anabelle forever too, that she would love me forever…
But she has said that she hated me. I have said that I hated her.
And yet, could there still be love? Or have I stomped it all the way down…
I really… didn't know…
In my heart of hearts, I wanted us to love each other again.
That too, scared me.
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
I was reading one of the translated classic literature books Anabelle had when I heard the sound of the door opening.
A! - I'm back.
She must have said that instinctively but I gathered my courage.
L! - Welcome back.
Anabelle stepped into the house, setting her bag down.
A! - Hello, Luciel—
Right as she entered the living room, she stilled, frozen.
A! - Your clothes… you're… it's hers…
L! - Well… yeah… I mean, I like them and you said I could have them
A! - Yes… I did… I did…
Her eyes darted around as she mumbled.
A! - But it's still… for you to put it on like that…  I… haha… ugh…
Is this my punishment? Uuhgg… aaaah… hahah…
She laughed a little, she was making me uneasy.
L! - Anabelle…? Are you—
A! - I'm okay, yes yes, just fine…
I'm… I…
Ah… ahahhhg…
There was no way that she was fine at all.
L! - Anabelle, maybe you should sit down or something—
A! - Oh no, oh no no…
She continued, as though she didn't hear me.
A! - Something is coming, this is bad…
Anabelle laughed a little, then she stumbled, and lurched forward, hands flying towards her mouth but it was no use.
She vomited through her fingers.
L! - Anabelle?! Anabelle, are you okay? A… um… you stay there okay? I’ll get a mop or something…
I didn’t know what to do, how to react.
Vomit was still running down Anabelle’s arms.
A! - Ah… haha… I’ll… go to the bathroom or something… sorry for… I don’t even know…
She staggered towards the kitchen and I paused for a while, before following behind her.
BG:BG_BATHROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
As Anabelle threw up into the toilet, I looked at her hair, falling into her face, and hesitated.
Then, I grabbed the mop and brought it out to the living room.
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Mopping the vomit off the floor, I was about done when Anabelle came out again, sitting down on the sofa.
I let her stay there, going back to the bathroom to wring out the mop and leave it to dry before going back out.
Walking tentatively towards the sofa, I sat down gingerly.
L! - Um… are you okay?
What was I supposed to do in this situation, Anabelle didn’t look at me, staring down at the floor.
A! - I… you… look like her.
L! - Do I?
I inched a little closer, it felt like if I didn’t continue this conversation she wouldn’t know how to recover.
Anabelle… was surprisingly fragile.
A! - You’re wearing her clothes.
L! - I am.
A! - Your figures are around the same…
L! - Really? How?
A! - You’re the same height as her… she wore this jacket all the time too.
She paused.
A! - Her boobs were bigger though.
I almost laughed.
L! - There’s nothing I can do about that, I’m a doll after all.
A! - She had short hair too.
I touched my hair.
L! - Like this?
Anabelle shook her head.
A! - A little shorter around the sides but a little longer at the back.
L! - Like something layered?
A! - Like a wolf cut, kinda.
But she cut it herself so I’m not sure, I think she was just messing around.
There was a tiny smile on her face.
A! - And she would dye it random colours sometimes, though she was always fond of raccoon stripes.
Those ways of expression, she wouldn’t have been able to do them if she stayed at her house…
I wonder sometimes…
Her voice trailed off.
A! - I’ll never know if she’s okay or not.
Anabelle finally turned to look at me.
A! - But you look like her now.
You…are wearing her clothes and I…aah… hah…
I said that I’ll let you do whatever you want… I really meant it… but…
She hugged her knees, dropping her head into them.
A! - You look like her… I don’t know what to do…
She sniffled.
A! - How do I… how do I look at you now? I don’t know how to feel…uhhhgg…
I… I… she…
Anabelle was crying in front of me, because of me, because of the clothes that I wanted to wear.
L! - I’m not going to take this off just because it upsets you.
These are… clothes that I chose for myself. I don’t want to submit to you ever again.
She nodded.
A! - I know, I know.
I won’t do that anymore, I really won’t. There’s no point, it doesn’t help anything.
Just…
She made herself even smaller, her voice dropping to a whisper.
A! - Don’t come near me today.
I averted my eyes from her curled up form, then stood up.
L! - Okay. I understand.
Since then, I kept my distance from her, spending time in the living room while she holed herself up in the bedroom, it was like there was an invisible line splitting the house in half.
But she went out often, buying clothes back for me.
A! - Luciella.
Kachk.
The door opened.
Thmp.
A paper bag of clothes was placed on the coffee table.
A! - Yours.
Stiffly, anxiously.
And then she was gone again, hurrying back into the bedroom.
Peering into the bag, I took out what she had bought.
Oversized black pants with grommets, a shirt with sheer purple sleeves.
Picking them up, I brought them over to the rack I dug out from the computer room, now next to the wall to serve as a make-shift closet.
If a closet without doors could be counted as a closet.
In any case, I took two hangers and hung up the clothes next to the rest that I had accumulated.
Alternative clothes with consistent metal details, shirts with illustrations, skirts and pants with straps and buckles.
The red and black theme slowly expanded to other colours, white, blue, green, purple, pink, there was a decent collection now over the past two months.
I wonder if she didn't want me to notice, but she didn't buy anything for herself during that period.
I stayed in her ex-girlfriend's clothes the whole time, to take off my clothes again…
The thought of it was sickening.
But Anabelle…
It took me a while, but I realised that it was because she wanted to talk to me again.
If she had to face me with these clothes again, she would just have another reaction so she was buying clothes for me instead.
But for me to face my naked body…
The thought of it sickened me.
I could only do it that time because I avoided looking at my skin as much as possible.
I don't think… the same method would work this time.
I had gotten used to the feeling of these clothes, clothes that I actually liked.
I didn't want to take them off, I didn't want to feel the air on me.
I didn't want to feel… exposed.
But I wanted to talk to Anabelle.
As the number of clothes increased, my thoughts about her increased in proportion.
She had asked me what I wanted to do.
I wanted to mend things somehow.
As much as possible, to fix the chasm that had appeared.
I love her. I hate her.
I… miss her.
My jaw clenched, I stared at the sheer purple sleeves.
Maybe today, maybe today I would be able to do it…
For… for…
I didn't want to admit that it was because of Anabelle.
Not when she was the one that put me in this situation.
Taking a deep breath in, I took the clothes with me into the bathroom.
BG:BG_BATHROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
The clothes hanging off the rack mounted to the wall.
The floor beneath me as I stared at them from where I stood.
It was a familiar scene, I wonder how many sets of clothes I had stared at in this fashion.
Hopefully I won't scratch my skin off today.
Biting my lip, I took the clothes down, putting them on the toilet seat.
And now, my own clothes.
Jacket, shirt, skirt.
If I kept the tights on and wore fishnet gloves over my arms it should be okay.
But then again… this was always what I told myself.
"Put on the fishnet gloves.
Take off the shirt.
Take off the skirt. - "
[Put on the fishnet gloves.]
Holding the glove with my right hand, I slipped it up my left one underneath my jacket sleeve, doing the same for my right hand afterwards.
This was by far the easiest out of everything.
[Take off the shirt.]
I held the bottom of my shirt and hesitated, hands trembling.
But I gritted my teeth and yanked it over my head, grabbing the shirt with the sheer sleeves off the toilet seat and putting it on as fast as I could.
Panting slightly, I put my hands on my knees and sighed.
[Take off the skirt.]
L! - Ah… uhhgg…
But I pinched the zip between my fingers and squeezed my eyes shut, pulling it down.
Zppt.
Hurriedly, I snatched up the pants and pulled them on, avoiding looking at my bare skin.
I had leggings so it was fine, it was all fine, I focused on that as I fumbled with the pant’s button.
And then it was on, I never felt so relieved.
[Continue once all of the options have been played.]
Somehow, miraculously, I managed to get dressed, to overcome the hurdle that was myself.
With a sum of my energy depleted, I looked at myself in the mirror, fixing my hair.
Okay.
This should be okay now.
BG:BG_NBEDROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Nervously, I walked towards the bedroom, I hadn’t been there in a while.
I peered in.
L! - Anabelle? I…
Want to talk to you? I miss you? I’m feeling conflicted about everything and want to know whether you feel the same way?
How was I supposed to even continue that sentence, I just looked into the darkened room from the doorway and waited for a reply.
A! - You’re… wearing them… the clothes that I bought.
Her voice was dry, she must not have been drinking water. Though it’s true that she hasn’t been talking to anyone.
L! - I am.
A! - They… uhhgg… why do they actually suit you?
I had been hoping and hoping… for some reason… that they won't…
She was sitting on the bed, head in her knees.
A! - I don’t want to talk to you.
L! - You… what?
Had she not bought all those clothes because she wanted us to talk?
I even struggled for so long… thought for so long just because I wanted to sort things out with her.
How could she be so… childish? When she was the one that had hurt me so much?
Why… was I even trying to mend things with someone like that?
A! - Did you think… that I bought you clothes so that you'll have a chance to talk to me?
She laughed a little.
A! - How self-centered of you to assume that. I just needed you out of her clothes.
Just because they're yours doesn't mean that you can dirty them by rubbing them against your skin.
L! - I… What?
A! - Isn't it true?
That's not counted as control.
I literally gave you so many choices to pick from.
What was she saying?
L! - I thought…
That something had changed.
Was it just me?
I thought we were finally going somewhere…
My fists clenched.
L! - Why… are you like this?
Why are you always like this?!
Something took over me, I walked into the room, grabbing her by the collar of her shirt.
L! - Why… just when I thought we could fix things, you have to go and be like this?
Do you really just… hate me…
My grip loosened and she slapped my hand away.
A! - Wow, you're really getting bold after I said that you could do whatever you want.
Of course I hate you. Why would that change?
And what even gave you the idea that I wanted to fix anything?
She looked at me like I was the crazy one.
A! - I literally vomited because of you.
At the sight of you.
What made you think that I wanted to see you again?
I staggered backwards.
L! - I… I thought…
A! - Just because I let you do whatever you like, be whoever you want, doesn't mean that I was going to like that version of you.
I'll forever hate you. It's just like how you'll never forgive me.
It's the same thing.
She lay down in bed, turning away from me.
A! - So just leave me alone…
It felt like whatever hope I had built up, whatever that I mustered my strength to do, it all crumbled.
I was knocked speechless by her words.
There… was nothing that I could do.
I just stood there dumbly, staring down at her.
Defeat, embarrassment, shame.
They all swirled within me, crushing me.
BG:BG_BATHROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
I stomped into the bathroom, grabbing the jacket and throwing it over my shoulders.
Fine, if she was going to be like that then I wasn't going to care about her anymore.
I wouldn't… think about repairing anything anymore.
But could I really follow through with that?
I…
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
I walked out of the bathroom and zipped up the jacket before throwing myself down on the sofa.
I hated this, I hated all of this.
From where I was, I could see my make-shift closet, all those clothes hanging off them…
I stood up and walked over, raising my hands and pushing hard.
Crash!
The hangers scattered, clothes slipping off them and sprawling all over the floor, the rack toppled over pitifully.
I hated, hated, hated everything, the clothes that she bought, the situation we were in, everything…!
Heat rose within me and I grabbed a pillow, sending it flying.
Thmp.
It hit the wall sadly.
Once I had started, I couldn't stop, throwing anything that I could get my hands on.
Sofa cushions, TV remote, tissue box, the book I was reading, the pencil I was drawing with, my sketchbook, I threw things around until my arms hurt and I was panting.
A! - Oh my god, you're so noisy.
Her voice from the bedroom sparked my anger anew.
L! - Shut the fuck up! This doesn't involve you.
What a liar.
This was all because of her.
I looked around me, the living room was a mess.
Sighing, I started putting things back in their places.
Our days of distance simply continued, Anabelle no longer left the house, she became a total shut-in, going to the door only to pick up delivered food and groceries.
L! - How long are you going to do this for?
Anabelle kicked the door closed, a pizza box in her hands.
A! - What does it matter to you?
L! - Because seeing you like this pisses me off.
You're just being stubborn and childish.
Talk to me already, goddammit.
A! - And seeing you sickens me.
She went into her room, balancing the box with one hand and slamming the door shut with the other.
I wondered how much trash had accumulated inside by now.
Walking towards her room, I banged on the door.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
L! - Throw that box out when you're done!
You need to stop living in filth!
A! - And you need to stop fucking caring!
God, which part of leaving me alone do you not understand?!
Every time she shot back it only made me angrier.
L! - And what, you want me to watch you waste away?
You sound horrible, have you even been drinking water?
A! - Care to explain why any of that even matters?
She shouted back through the closed door.
A! - I told you before, I don't want to fix things with you!
I don't want anything to do with you anymore.
You can do whatever you want, just leave me alone.
L! - Fine. Fine!
I was seething.
Do what you want. You can rot away on junk food for all I care.
Anabelle laughed.
A! - I'll do that.
Clenching my teeth, I went back to the sofa and sat down, letting out a huge sigh.
Every time I got upset I only thought about her more.
I rested my head against the backrest.
It felt like I would never be able to stop caring after all.
Even though she hurt me, even though she was pushing me away, it didn't take away from the fact that she taught me everything that I knew.
Everything that I learned, the skeleton that made up myself, was put together piece by piece by her.
Only now was I filling out the flesh and muscle.
No matter how hard I wanted to give up, no matter how stubborn and childish she was, I never learnt how to abandon the person who gave my consciousness the space to breathe.
This must be the closest thing I had to instinct.
BG:BG_NLIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
After struggling to get the ideaout of my head for the whole afternoon, I decided that I had to check on Anabelle after all.
Putting away the book I was reading, I switched off the lamp and stood up, walking towards the bedroom.
Knock, knock.
L! - Anabelle?
Deciding that she might be asleep, I gently opened the door.
BG:BG_NBEDROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Thmp.
Before I had a chance to realise what was going on, the towel loosened from the ceiling fan and Anabelle fell back down onto the ground.
She looked up at me, limbs sprawled around her.
A! - Haha… this is awkward.
L! - A… ah… you were… you almost…
I stumbled backwards, processing what I saw.
A! - Yeah about that…
She rubbed her neck.
A! - It's exactly like how it looked.
L! - But… a… wha… why…
There was a tight smile on her face.
A! - I was doing a lot of thinking and realised, wow, I hate myself, surprise surprise.
She laughed, picking herself up.
A! - I am a horrible person! And… a rapist, I guess?! That was not on my bingo card.
Attempting wasn't on my bingo card either but all things considered it's crazy that I haven't done it already?! Not sure, haha.
What… was she saying?
I didn't understand, I could only stare and watch her.
A! - And I was like damn! I really should just die, I guess.
I mean, there really isn't any other way to atone for my sins other than that, right?
What else was I supposed to do, be depressed all day? I was starting to get bored of that too, not going to lie.
Anabelle continued in this strange manner, like the situation was something to joke about, her monologue punctuated with laughter.
This was so different from how she had been acting.
My skin crawled.
L! - Stop, Anabelle, just stop.
Drop whatever this act is. This isn't you.
It's creeping me out.
A! - Is it? But—
L! - I said, stop it!
I was shouting.
L! - This isn't funny! You could have died!
She blinked at me.
A! - Yeah. That was the point.
Monotone. Empty.
A! - But I failed. So it's whatever.
Her delivery, everything about this, angered me.
L! - So, what now?
Are you going to pretend that none of this happened?
That I didn't walk in on you attempting suicide?
Will you go back to telling me to stay away from you?
Go back to throwing tantrums when I want to help you, help us?
I walked into the room now, the floor full of trash.
It was disgusting.
L! - Because you're not going to do that, I'm not going to let you.
I'm going to help you. The way things are going isn't sustainable.
Anabelle stopped her tirade of words.
And suddenly, tears formed at the corners of her eyes.
A! - I… stop being kind of me—
L! - I am not being kind.
If you die, what do you think would happen to me?
If you die, what am I supposed to do with your dead body?
Being kind would be letting you die, letting you take the easy way out.
But no, you're going to stay alive.
I was face to face with her now, words harsh and blunt.
Gripping Anabelle's jaw, I forced her to look at me.
Her tears dripped down onto my hand.
L! - It's my turn to be selfish.
She pried my hand away and stepped backwards, dropping onto her bed.
A! - I can't do that, I don't want to stay alive, I don't deserve—
L! - Since when was this about what you deserve?
I'm not giving you the choice, I'm telling you to stay alive.
You're not allowed to die. I'm not letting you.
I picked up the towel on the floor and threw it into her overflowing dustbin.
L! - Hate me, hate yourself, I don't care.
You're staying alive.
On top of that, you're going to start talking to me.
I'm not going to let you just throw this conversation away.
I'm not going to let you go back to before.
Anabelle cried quietly.
A! - I don't have a choice, do I?
L! - You don't.
She let out a shaky sigh.
A! - Okay.
Okay.
What do you want to talk about?
L! - The nerve of you to ask that.
It was my turn to sigh.
L! - Let's just start with… what are you scared of?
Every time I think we're taking a step forward, you just run backwards.
Why?
I don't even…
I ran my hand through my hair.
L! - I don't know why I'm even begging you to talk to me, I don't want to have to do this, I shouldn't be doing this.
I gritted my teeth.
L! - I'm just… lonely.
I can't stop caring no matter how much I want to, no matter how much I hate you, no matter how much you scare me, no matter how many bad things you have done.
It's like some kind of survival instinct.
I don't have a choice in this either. So I can't have you dying all on your own.
I need you to be honest with me and with yourself.
Anabelle sniffled.
A! - I just don't know how to face you.
I also thought that things could be better somehow, I thought that once I accepted that you weren't Luciella then things would improve.
But you just became… you just keep reminding me of that girl that I…
I don't want to think about her anymore. I keep thinking about our relationship, how everything slowly crumbled.
And I just feel like such a horrible person, it feels like I should stab myself and eviscerate my insides, like I should tear myself to shreds.
Anabelle hugged her body, tears still flowing.
A! - How do I muster the will to live like that?
After she left, Luciella became the only thing tethering me to living.
But then I realised, and later accepted, that Luciella never existed. By letting you do what you want, it meant that I needed to search for another reason to live.
And then, all of a sudden, that girl was right in front of my face, mixed together with Luciella's face and body but it was neither of them, it was you…
I didn't know what to do, I started panicking, I couldn't see you, I couldn't talk to you, even now I don't want to look at you, at her jacket…
Uhhggg…
Anabelle curled tighter into herself.
A! - Everything just hurts so badly, I don't know why I'm still alive—
L! - Because of me. Because I'm not allowing you to die.
Unzipping the jacket, I let it fall to the floor.
L! - Didn't I say it before?
That giving up puts a definite stop on everything?
It's the same with suicide.
I'm trying the best that I can, you need to try too.
You've been getting away with so much, I'm not going to let you run away anymore.
You need to wake up and come back to reality.
Anabelle started sobbing.
A! - I'm sorry, I'm so sorry… I know that you've been trying all this time.
I laughed bitterly, my voice hardening.
L! - I don't need your apologies. I don't need you to be just talk, I'm tired of that.
I need you to get your shit together.
I don't care how much you don't want to live, I don't care how depressed you are, you're going to live anyway.
Because I say so.
Am I getting through to you? Because you better understand what I'm saying.
I'm not doing this from a place of kindness.
I'm doing this because I need you to stop your childish behaviour.
I need you to talk to me, I need to fix whatever this situation is, for both our sakes.
I averted my gaze.
L! - I don't want to be alone anymore.
A! - I understand.
She replied in a soft voice.
Small and meek.
But I wasn't uncomfortable anymore.
I didn't have the time for that.
Falling to the floor, I leaned against the wall and tilted my head back.
L! - As long as you know.
Are you going to help me clean up this place? It's filthy.
Anabelle got up.
A! - Okay.
I used my hands to push myself off the floor too.
L! - I'll go and grab some plastic bags then.
She nodded and I left the room, vaguely anxious about leaving her alone.
I hurried to the kitchen.
BG:BG_KITCHEN TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Opening the drawer, I was met with a whole bunch of plastic bags from deliveries.
I sighed, at least she stored some of them away properly.
Grabbing some, I walked back into the bedroom.
BG:BG_BEDROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Anabelle was back to sitting in her pile of trash, biting her nails.
I threw her one of the bags.
L! - Come on, throw your trash inside.
A! - Mm…
When she got up again, it was like she was picking up her limbs one by one.
Like the will was slowly leaving her body.
L! - Don't give up on me now…
I mumbled under my breath.
And then we started working, picking up empty cup noodles and bags of chips off the floor, the pizza box from earlier still had two slices in it.
Emptying the dustbin in her room, I watched as ants crawled around at the bottom.
L! - Euugh…
Gross.
Picking up the dustbin, I set it aside so that I could wash it later.
When I looked over at Anabelle, she was drinking soda from a can.
L! - I thought you're supposed to help me.
This is your room, you know, not mine.
She tilted her head back and poured out the remaining bit into her mouth before the can was tossed into the bag.
A! - I am helping.
L! - How old even is that drink?
She looked away.
A! - From a week ago, probably.
It's all flat now.
I sighed. My happiness wasn't coming back any time soon.
L! - This kind of lifestyle isn't good.
I can't believe you've been doing this for months.
She picked up another opened can from the floor and shook it, at least this one was empty.
Into the trash it went.
A! - I couldn't find a reason to bother anymore.
I was just alive every day for an unknown reason.
Mindlessly going through the minutes, the hours.
L! - That doesn't mean that you could just abandon yourself.
A! - Easy for you to say.
Bite came back to her words.
A! - There aren't things you regret so much that you rather die.
A dry laugh left me.
L! - So what?
You can't take the easy way out all the time.
So what if there are things you regret? Things that you hate?
You need to face them head on.
That's the only way forward.
A! - Hah, what way forward do you want?
Scornfully, the words were spat out.
A! - What a joke.
Overcome with anger, I slapped her across the face.
Anabelle held her cheek, staring at me with shock.
A! - Wha—
L! - I've already said that I don't care about what you want!
You are going to have a way forward.
I'm dragging you there with me.
She rubbed her cheek, gritting her teeth.
A! - You don't know anything.
L! - There you go again, back to this angry facade.
I tilted her chin up.
L! - Didn't I tell you to be honest?
You're hurting, aren't you?
Anabelle pushed my hand away.
A! - Whatever.
Are we going to finish cleaning this or not?
L! - Of course we are, I can't stand this anymore.
If she was going to be like this then so be it, at least she was talking to me.
As I was throwing some tissues away, a cockroach scuttled out from somewhere and I jumped back.
L! - Agh!
Ugh, this place is seriously a dump.
Anabelle laughed, the tension in the air easing just the slightest.
The sound was so out of place, it unnerved me.
A! - Don't worry, I'll kill the insects for you.
I shuddered.
L! - You do that.
Somehow, in this fashion, we managed to clean up the room.
As Anabelle went to the bathroom to wash out the dustbin, I lay down on the floor, staring up at the ceiling fan.
So this was what almost killed her.
I clenched my jaw.
I wanted to rip it off the ceiling already.
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
The days afterwards passed in a strange way, it was like we fell into a weird kind of step with each other.
Not exactly liking each other but not exactly hating each other.
Something along the lines of tolerance…
If I had to put a word to it, the closest would be cohabitation.
No… that wasn't quite right either.
I flipped through the channels on the TV while Anabelle lay down on the sofa, using her phone.
L! - There's nothing good to watch.
Everything is so boring.
Anabelle didn't even look up.
A! - Have you tried the anime channel yet?
L! - Yeah but the shows this season aren't interesting.
I input the channel number.
L! - It's just isekai slop.
A! - It's not always bad.
I turned around to look at her, she had rolled over onto her back.
L! - You're going to drop your phone on your face like that.
A! - Oh shut up, you're not my mom.
But she shifted to her side anyway.
L! - Is this what you've been doing all the time in your room?
Scrolling through social media for hours?
A! - But there's nothing else to do.
L! - Anything is better than you just wasting your time away rotting.
A! - What's wrong with that?
At least I'm still alive. Like you wanted.
Her tone was sour.
Even now, she couldn't let it go.
L! - It's just so…
I shook my head.
This was hopeless.
L! - Go read a book or something.
Anabelle made a show out of sighing as she stood up.
A! - Fine, I need to charge my phone anyway.
She walked past where I was sitting on the floor.
A! - You're so annoying.
I pretended not to hear her as I flipped through the channels again.
And suddenly, there was a rock concert in front of me.
Heavy drums, bass, electric guitar.
They were showing some news about a local music festival.
As I watched, my mind drifted to ex-girlfriend's rock band tees…
Wait, that was it.
Switching the TV off, I walked towards the bedroom.
BG:BG_BEDROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
L! - Anabelle.
A! - What do you want now?
L! - We need to talk.
She put aside her game console.
A! - About what?
If it's about the junk food again then—
L! - I need you to face your ex-girlfriend.
I need you to go to her house and talk to her.
Her irritated expression vanished.
A! - You need me to… what?
L! - I need you to face her.
Colour drained from her face.
L! - I need you to face your past.
It's your past actions that have been tormenting you all this time, right?
You can't just pretend they didn't happen.
You have to face them head on or they'll continue to haunt you.
A! - You… you…
Anabelle started to back away, shaking her head.
A! - No… no… I'm not doing that… I'm not… I won't…!
L! - Yes, you will.
I'll make you, you can't get away with this anymore.
You wanted to atone, right?
Suicide isn't atonement. Being here, pathetically staying alive isn't atonement.
Pushing forward and repenting is.
She stared at me, frightened.
A! - No, don't make me do this.
I… I don't even know where to find her, what to do—
L! - Didn't you say that she had a codependent relationship with her mom?
That she would go back there no matter what?
There's no way you don't know where that is.
And for what to do, isn't that obvious?
Explain, apologise, face the consequences.
She must have been too scared, or too angry, to fight back, to bother fighting back, she must have just wanted to leave as soon as possible.
But now?
After years? Maybe things are different now, I wouldn't know.
But backlash, outbursts, rejection, you need to deal with all of that.
You need to take it.
I've told you already, I'm not letting you run away anymore.
You can't continue taking the easy way out, it's not sustainable.
Whether you want to or not, you're alive, so you need to act like it.
Or you'll continue to suffer, to stay stagnant.
I'm not allowing that to happen.
Anabelle's body shook.
A! - No, I can't do that, anything but that!
She held her head, tugging at her hair
A! - Ah… No… I can't go and see her, I'll die, I'll die…
Hahahaha…
Hahahahahaha… !
Hah…
A… ah…
I can't… I can't…
Anabelle looked up now, eyes meeting mine, despairing.
A! - You can't make me.
Luciella, don't make me do it…
I walked towards the bed, placing my knee up on the mattress and flinching immediately.
Nausea rolled around in my stomach.
But I forced myself up anyway.
L! - You must, you must face yourself.
A! - No, no, no!
She kicked her legs on the bed, covering her ears.
A! - Auuhhgg… I don't want to, I don't want to!
She was like a child, throwing a tantrum.
Moving towards her, I pried her hands away, holding her face in my own.
Disgusting disgusting disgusting.
I didn't want to touch her, not on this bed.
But I had no choice.
L! - Anabelle.
It's not a matter about whether you want to or not.
It's not even a matter of me forcing you to do something difficult for the sake of it.
It's simply because you need to.
Deep down, the crux of it is simply that you can't get over what's in your past.
So you keep running away, you continue being in pain like this.
But you can't go down this path.
It only leads to you making the same mistakes.
Her bottom lip trembled.
A! - But I…
I deserve to be hurt…
I'm a horrible person, I'm a rapist, I'm a selfish person who tried to control you, who abused you.
Her voice dropped.
A! - I should have just died that night.
I sighed.
L! - Atoning for your sins isn't going to redeem you.
The pain you caused will always be there. You'll have to carry that guilt for the rest of your life.
But running away isn't the answer.
Making the same mistakes out of pain isn't the answer.
Acknowledge your pain, face it, and then move forward.
That's the only way that you can continue.
A! - I…
I don't understand…
You're doing so much for me… even when I hurt you so badly…
Tears flowed down, dripping onto her lap.
L! - You're such a crybaby.
And I've already said, I'm not doing this for your sake, I'm doing it for mine.
Why would I want things to remain like this, to take your abuse and anger day after day?
No, I'm going to force you to change instead, the harder the better.
Anabelle pressed her lips together, trying to stop them from trembling.
A! - I have no way out of this…
I really have to… find her after all this time…
I don't want to, Luciella, I don't want to.
I let go of her and Anabelle wiped her tears away furiously, unable to hold back her sobs.
A! - She hates my guts, I don't want to see her again…
I got off the bed and stared down at her shaking, defeated form.
L! - I don't care.
You know where she is, so you will see her again.
Anabelle had nothing to say to me, no rebuttal, no retort.
Just crying.
But her tears meant nothing to me now.
I would drag her to see her ex-girlfriend screaming and kicking if I had to.
She wasn't going to just stay here, happily inside her own bubble, away from everything.
The past, present and future, Anabelle was going to deal with all of that.
I'll make sure of it.
L! - We're going to go to her place tomorrow.
She looked up, shocked, dazed.
A! - We're going to… what?
L! - We're going there tomorrow.
A! - You… too?
You’re going? How?
L! - I can probably pass off as human enough if people don’t look closely.
And if I cover my face somewhat.
But no matter what, I need to go with you. If not, how am I going to know if you actually did it or not?
I can’t have you lying to me.
Anabelle looked away, picking at her nails.
A! - Fine. Fine…
I’ll stand out more than you in a crowd anyway…
L! - Then it’s decided.
I left the bedroom, closing the door behind me.
BG:BG_NLIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
I watched as the sky outside darkened, afternoon shifting to evening, evening shifting to night.
I was going to enter such a place tomorrow.
No, enter might not be the right word.
Something more like trespass…?
Like I was crossing the line between my world into the next, into one that I shouldn’t be in.
A doll with a consciousness, illegally stepping into the world of the living.
How was that even allowed?
And yet, it was going to happen.
Those were the things that I thought about as I stared up at the sky.
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
In the end, I didn’t sleep that day, I simply watched as the moon gave way to the sun.
Then I got up, going towards the bedroom.
BG:BG_BEDROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
L! - Anabelle, wake up.
It’s morning.
I opened the curtains and she yanked the blanket up over her head.
A! - Ugh, it’s so bright.
L! - Come on, there are things that we need to do today.
A! - I know… you don’t have to remind me…
Anabelle got out from under the blanket, swinging her legs over the side of the bed.
A! - What time do you want to leave?
L! - I don’t know, how long does it take to get there?
She thought for a while, standing up and stretching.
A! - I’m not sure, I’ll have to search for the address.
But… damn…
We’re… really going to do this.
L! - Of course we are.
Anabelle walked out of the room.
A! - Yeah… I guess.
BG:BG_KITCHEN TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
I sat at the dining table, watching Anabelle spread peanut butter on her toast.
A! - She used to eat bread with jam in the morning.
Anabelle said suddenly.
A! - Strawberry jam.
L! - I’ve never seen you eat jam with bread ever.
She put the used knife into the sink.
A! - I don’t really like jam. Or strawberries.
But when it used to be in the house, I would try it sometimes.
Just to reevaluate the taste.
Anabelle laughed slightly.
A! - But no, it was always too sweet.
L! - You’ve never talked about all this before.
A! - Maybe I’m feeling nostalgic.
Maybe I’m just torturing myself.
As I watched her eat her bread, there was a complicated look on her face.
L! - These things pain you, don’t they?
A! - I was doing so good without thinking about her but now it’s like an infection, a disease, a worm that crawls into my mind.
I don’t know how to stop.
There was nothing I could say to that.
L! - We should get ready to leave once you’re done.
Anabelle finished her bread.
A! - Yeah.
She got up, the chair scraped loudly.
A! - I’m going to shower.
I’ll figure out the travelling time and everything afterwards.
Anabelle didn’t wait for me to respond, leaving to take her clothes.
I stayed at the dining table for a while, staring at the empty space that she left behind.
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Walking towards my rack of clothes, I flipped through them.
Then, I took out a jacket and held it up against my body.
If I wore this with the hood up, it would obscure my face enough, the cat ears could pass off as a fashion statement too.
Putting the jacket on, I spun this way and that.
L! - This should be okay.
Taking it off for now, I walked towards the bedroom to find the disposable masks.
BG:BG_BEDROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Stepping inside, I walked towards the drawer but when I did, I stepped on a buckle.
L! - Ow…
I looked down, it was Anabelle’s ex-girlfriend’s jacket.
Lifting my foot off it, I picked it up and stared at it for a long time.
Then, I walked out.
BG:BG_LIVINGROOM TRANS:[transitionFade]:back:1000 - U+0020
Emotions swirled inside me as I hung the jacket onto the rack.
It joined the rest of my clothes.
Yes, it was mine no matter how much Anabelle hated it.
A! - What are you looking at?
Anabelle’s voice appeared from behind me and I turned around, she was done with her shower.
L! - Just thinking about whether I should change into something else.
A! - So?
L! - This is fine.
I liked this. These black and purple clothes that I fought to get into.
The purple was dark and different but reminded me of Luciella in a strange way.
I had to carry my past with me too.
A! - Yeah, sure.
She picked up her phone from the table and typed something into it before showing the screen to me.
A! - It takes two hours by train to get to her mom’s house.
We can leave soon if you want.
Her voice was flat, empty, detached.
Her hair was dripping water onto the floor.
I looked away.
L! - Dry your hair or something.
Anabelle disappeared into the bedroom after that, the sound of the hairdryer leaving through the door.
I switched on the TV and watched whatever channel started playing first.
The programme was about to end when Anabelle came out again.
L! - You took a while.
I turned to face her.
A! - I…
Couldn’t figure out what to wear.
The dress she had on was the one she defaulted to, her eyes were slightly puffy.
I switched the TV off and got up, putting on my mask and throwing the jacket over my shoulders.
L! - Well, we can finally leave now.
Following Anabelle to the door, I watched her insert the key into the lock.
Kashk.
The door unlocked and she pushed it open.
I stepped outside for the first time.
[bg: exterior of the building]
Pulling the hood of the jacket over my head, I tilted my head up and looked at the blue sky.
It was so wide, so vast, it was nothing like looking up through the window.
The outside world was so bright, so blinding, I didn’t know how to take it in, how to make sense of it.
A! - Don’t just stand there.
Aren’t we supposed to go to the train station?
L! - Ah…
I had stopped in my tracks before I knew it.
I caught up with her.
L! - Sorry.
She shook her head.
A! - Is it a lot?
To experience more than the house?
Surprise threatened to stop me again.
She was actually curious…
L! - Yeah.
The sky… it’s so pretty.
A small smile appeared on her face.
A! - It really is.
[bg: the photo franken took with the utility pole]
The walk to the train station was long but it was strangely comfortable.
Even though our conversation started and stopped, there was no malice, it felt like we were just ordinary people, going about our day.
L! - It feels like I’m real.
I know I’m not human, I’m just a doll but for now, at this moment…
Is it okay for me to pretend?
I was whispering these words to myself, I wasn’t expecting any kind of reply.
But Anabelle gave me one.
A! - There’s no harm in pretending.
Those simple words soothed my heart in a way that I didn’t realise was possible.
[bg: inside the train]
Before long, we reached the station and boarded the train.
It was another new sight, a new kind of scenery for me.
L! - It’s different in person than on the TV…
Anabelle laughed suddenly.
A! - It’s strange to hear such a thing about something like a train.
But I suppose, it is novel for you.
Come, we can sit down, there aren’t many people at this time of the day.
Anabelle sat down on one of the empty seats and I sat down next to her, looking out of the window across from me.
We were higher now, buildings and utility poles at my eye level.
L! - How fresh… I didn’t know that it would be so interesting to be outside…
A! - It wasn’t an option for you until recently after all.
I laughed, surprising myself.
L! - If your idea of recent is several months back then yes, it wasn’t an option until recently.
Several months, huh… it felt like it had been forever.
The time that I couldn’t move, the time of being Luciella, felt like so long ago.
There was a period of silence before I decided to speak again.
L! - How… are you feeling?
Anabelle stilled, then her jaw clenched.
A! - Fuck, I was trying not to think about iit.
I still don’t want to do this.
But I was doing a lot of thinking last night, and in the shower too.
I don’t know if you’re correct, I don’t want to believe that you’re right.
But if you’re going to force me anyway then I don’t have a choice.
Her words were blunt, but they were less detached than before.
L! - You’re different. From before.
What changed?
A! - I don’t know.
She stretched her arms out in front of her.
A! - Maybe it’s the fresh air.
She laughed dryly.
A! - It’s tiring being angry all the time.
I sighed.
Whatever it is, I was grateful.
L! - I’m sure it is.
The train continued to move, bringing us nearer and nearer to our destination.
Anabelle started chewing on her bottom lip.
A! - It feels strange that I’m still alive.
L! - Does it feel like you should have died that night?
She shook her head.
A! - Not just that.
It feels like a part of me did die. But I’m still here.
Forced or not, I’m still here.
I don’t know how to feel about all this.
Anabelle looked down.
A! - I still don’t know.
L! - You don’t need to know everything now.
It’s okay to take time to figure it all out.
She turned to face me.
A! - How are you so strong?
Why are you so nice to me?
L! - Because we need to live with each other, right?
I don’t want things to be status quo forever.
I lowered my voice.
L! - Though everything that I know is because of you.
We sat in silence as the stations passed, I decided that I had to give her space to sit with her thoughts.
And then, Anabelle stood up.
A! - We’re here.
[bg: the photo franken took with the utility pole]
We left the train station and started walking again.
Anabelle rubbed her arms as we walked, fidgeting at every traffic light we stopped at.
It felt like the air around her was jittering from her anxiety.
I had a sudden urge to say something, anything, to ease her.
But to say something like “it would be okay” wouldn’t cut it.
I couldn’t say hollow things like that so I ended up saying nothing at all.
A! - Luciella, do you wish for things to turn out well or badly?
L! - What would you define as well and badly?
A! - Well would be that she tells me to kill myself and then slams the door in my face.
Badly would be that she shouts at me and cries and screams at me for hours.
But the worst case scenario would be that she doesn’t answer the door at all.
What intriguing standards.
It was almost funny.
L! - Well… I suppose?
Just so it’s easier for me to deal with you afterwards.
She sighed.
A! - I hope it turns out well too.
She was digging her nails into her skin.
[bg: exterior of an apartment building]
We reached an apartment building.
A! - I’ll go in now…
Uhhgg…
She bit her lip.
A! - You can wait nearby or something, I’m sure there are benches around.
L! - Yeah, okay.
“Good luck” was on the tip of my tongue but I couldn’t bring myself to say it.
A! - I’ll get going then.
As I watched her walking towards the building, it felt like something was beginning and ending at the same time.
It was a strange feeling.
Anabelle stepped into the lift and after a while, she appeared again on the sixth floor.
Walking along the corridor, she stopped outside one of the apartments and raised her hand to either knock on the door or ring the doorbell, I couldn't tell.
I waited with baited breath.
And then, the door opened.
Anabelle stepped inside the house.
I continued to watch for a while but it didn't seem like she would come out anytime soon.
Turning around, I decided to sit down on a nearby bench and wait for her.
I must have spent hours sitting there, staring at the sky, when I saw Anabelle approach me from a distance.
As she came closer, I knew almost immediately that something was off.
Anabelle's shoulders shook, she was wiping her eyes frantically.
A! - Hic… hic… Luciella… it’s all gone wrong.
Everything’s…
I shifted to the side of the bench, making space for her, and she sat down.
L! - Hey, just breathe, okay?
Calm yourself down, then you can speak better.
A! - Yeah… okay…
She took several deep breaths, shakily breathing in and out.
Then slowly, her breathing stabilised, evening out.
A! - Okay, it’s okay now…
L! - Do you want to explain what happened now?
Anabelle’s bottom lip quivered.
Her hands bunched up the folds of her dress.
A! - She… Rhianna… is gone.
Rhianna.
So that was her name.
L! - Gone as in—
A! - Dead.
Gone as in dead.
She killed herself.
Anabelle buried her face in her hands.
A! - Is it my fault?
If I didn’t… if I didn’t rape her then… we would still together, right? Would she still be alive then?
Quiet sniffling escaped through her fingers.
A! - Why did you have to go and die all by yourself?
In that house, without telling anyone…?
Uhhgg…
I lifted my hand, paused, then rubbed her back.
It felt like I was getting burned but the way her body was wrecked with sobs, the way she heaved and cried, it was so real that I was almost glad.
L! - I don’t know if I can tell you whether it was your fault or not.
You’re the only one that can decide that.
I paused for a short while.
L! - What happened when you went inside the house?
Anabelle looked up with her tear-stained face.
A! - Her mom answered the door, I thought she would be angry, that she would turn me away, but she just sighed, long and hard.
It confused me, I had never seen her with that expression before.
And then her mom let me inside, no resistance, no nothing.
But I didn’t think…
Her voice trailed off, Anabelle blinked her eyes rapidly.
A! - I had only been inside that house a few times, it was exactly like how I remembered it.
But the air was different, I asked about Rhianna and her mom’s face shifted, she just looked so unbearably sad.
It was as though it was taking all of her energy to hold herself together.
The woman who I had harboured so much hate for was close to breaking down right in front of me, it was uncomfortable.
And then she broke the news to me.
That Rhianna overdosed a year ago.
Anabelle laughed weakly.
A! - What was I supposed to say to that? What could I possibly say to that?
“I’m sorry for your loss”? “My condolences"?
Her mom abused her, I couldn’t bring myself to care about her mom at all.
But seeing her cry over the loss of her daughter, it registered in my mind that she must have loved her.
I didn’t say anything in the end.
Sniffling, she wiped her face with the back of her hand.
A! - Her mom showed me her suicide note.
Rhianna… she swore at me a lot, there were paragraphs and paragraphs of verbal attacks, but at the end…
She apologised, for everything.
And then I… I started crying then.
Rhianna was really gone.
Ha… haha…
Anabelle put her feet up on the bench, hugging her knees.
A! - We cursed at each other all the time towards the end but, it wasn’t like I actually wanted her to die.
I… this doesn’t feel real.
L! - I’m sure it doesn’t. It must have been a shock.
She brought her knees closer to her chest.
A! - Mm…
L! - What did they do to her body?
A! - Her mom said that they burned it.
Scattered the ashes.
And… she asked if I wanted to see Rhianna’s room, said that it was exactly like how she left it.
But I declined, how could I? It would be like I was intruding into a space that I shouldn’t be in.
I was no longer a part of her life.
Anabelle sobbed, hands in her hair.
A! - I don’t know, I just don’t know.
I feel so guilty, if only I did something differently, if only I tried harder, if I didn’t do… that… if only I—
I stretched my legs out.
L! - You just have to carry it with you.
All of your guilt, all of your regrets.
You can’t go back, there’s no one that can forgive you anymore.
This is your punishment. But this is also how you can atone.
I looked up, the clouds moved slowly across the sky.
L! - Time will keep flowing.
And with it, you have to keep moving too.
A! - I don’t want to.
She mumbled quietly.
A! - Maybe I should just die with her.
We joked about things like this before, suicide pacts—
L! - No you won’t.
A! - You can’t stop me—
I held her chin, turning her face to look at me.
L! - It’s not about that.
You won’t because you’re not going to try to.
A! - I—
L! - If you seriously wanted to, you wouldn’t admit it to me.
You would keep it to yourself so that I wouldn’t suspect that you would attempt again.
Mentioning it to me only plants that idea in my head.
If you were serious, you wouldn’t say anything at all.
Anabelle averted her eyes, puffy from crying.
A! - Fuck…
Contrary to my expectations, we didn’t go back home after that.
A! - I’ll show you somewhere that I go to sometimes.
Was all that she said as she got up from the bench, starting to walk away.
I quickly followed behind her.
[bg: inside the train]
The train was more crowded now and we stood holding the handles, getting jostled around.
Being around other people was strange, it was almost claustrophobic.
L! - Where are we going?
A! - Somewhere that I like.
She didn’t elaborate past that.
The train ride wasn’t that long, before I knew it, we had disembarked.
Maybe because there were too many people around, maybe because there was too much stimulation going into my head all of a sudden but either way, I blanked out for the whole walk afterwards.
There was only a vague feeling of Anabelle holding my hand and pulling me along.
[bg: on the roof (the photo is from the drive)]
A! - We’re here.
L! - Wha—
I came back to being and found myself on a roof.
A cool breeze blew Anabelle’s hair in the wind as she walked about.
The sky above us was endless.
L! - Where is this?
A! - The top of a random building I found one day when I was walking around aimlessly.
I like coming here to think.
Anabelle sat down and I sat next to her, crossing my legs.
A! - Death… It's so strange.
Her life ended last year but mine is still continuing as though nothing had happened.
L! - That’s because you didn’t know that it happened.
A! - Yeah.
She sighed.
A! - But that’s not the point.
It just feels strange that I lived a year more than her, that this is a year that she didn’t get to experience.
A lot happened…
She laughed.
A! - Not like I would tell her any of it even if I could.
L! - I shouldn’t say something shitty like “she lives on in your heart” huh.
A! - Luciella probably would.
This time, I laughed.
L! - I wouldn’t.
A! - Yeah.
We sat for a while more in silence before Anabelle started speaking again.
A! - Are you happy now?
That I faced my past, wrapped things up?
Is this what you wanted?
The bite in her words was gone.
They just… the words just existed.
Just like how we were existing in a space that was neither awkward or comfortable.
The breeze felt nice on my cheeks.
L! - I’m satisfied.
I’ll be happy if you carry your regrets with you for the rest of your life.
But move while you’re at it, don’t stay stagnant, don’t put a stop to things.
Try, learn, and try again.
Anabelle sighed.
A! - Since when did you become such a character? Why?
I shrugged.
L! - It felt right.
Your books taught me a lot after all.
A! - The books huh…
You probably enjoy them more than me.
L! - It was how I learned everything anyway.
I stretched out my legs and kicked my feet together, the boot soles knocked into each other loudly.
L! - It’s nice to be someone.
To have a self that I can call my own.
A! - I’m sure…
There was a surprising weight to her words.
I laughed.
L! - Don’t go apologising to me now.
A! - Look, I—
I gritted my teeth.
L! - Don’t. I mean it.
Because I’m not going to forgive you.
A! - Figured.
I was just testing it out.
My nails dug into the palms of my hands.
L! - Don’t do half-hearted things like that.
Anabelle sighed.
A! - Don’t call my efforts half-hearted.
I was trying to figure out if I could be sincere about it to you.
L! - Turns out you can't huh.
She stretched.
A! - Turns out I still hate you too much to properly apologise.
L! - But do you regret it?
Anabelle thought for a while.
A! - I recognise it as wrong.
I’m sure I regret it.
But I can’t bring myself to say sorry and mean it.
L! - Don’t force it then.
I won’t forgive you anyway.
Anabelle laughed suddenly.
A! - What a strange conversation that we’re having.
Hating each other, sitting next to each other, talking.
You know, no one comes up here. I don’t think you’re even supposed to.
So it became like a secret spot just for me, not even Rhianna knows.
Though I always hinted at it just to tease her.
Anabelle tilted her head up to the sky.
A! - But you’re here with me, at my favourite place on Earth.
I wouldn’t have imagined that something like this would happen.
I looked up at the sky with her.
L! - I wouldn’t have imagined it either.
There are still so many things that I have yet to know about, yet to experience.
Now that I can leave the house, I want to learn more about this world.
A! - There’s nothing stopping you.
I won’t, not anymore.
L! - I’m not going to thank you or anything, you know that right?
A! - I wasn’t expecting it.
We talked for a while more after that about nothing in particular.
But somehow it didn’t get boring.
It didn’t end up in a fight, it didn’t spiral down into a breakdown.
It was just one normal conversation flowing into the next, interspersed with periods of silence.
After so long, after so many things had happened, it felt like we were finally settling down with each other.
Past hurts, deep wounds, pain that was inflicted on both sides.
Even with time, I knew that they wouldn’t really heal, the scars will always remain, itching every now and again.
But that was okay, all that hate that would eventually give way to more ordinary days, we would carry everything with us.
I truly believed that.
